======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 seize of that capability. I think that this may well be the year when the Congress, in meeting its responsibility as Itself, provides the political capital to break the deadlock and to get the job done. Q: Mr. President, John Dunlop, your personal representative, left Washington for Moscow in 1963. How have you changed since then? The President: Mr. Cormier, who died of cancer in Moscow in March, was the personal representative of both the President and the Russian President, and we both went back to Moscow in 1964. I say that since then, people have gone to Moscow much longer after they went to Washington. And I say that the chemistry of the two countries has improved, both economically and politically. We both got on with the business of our lives. I say that our lives have become shorter and more like bowling pins. Because, you know, remember Abraham Lincoln, you remember what he said:” God must have loved the people, he was the genuinely happy man. And I believe that when we die, all the good people will be there to support us... Q: Mr. President, you have said on many occasions that you would not resign from the office to which you were resigning, but what would you possibly do in the event that the Presidency were I removed from it if I should be removed? The President: Well, tonight I am announcing a series of actions to put an end to the controversy over the Waterfront Bill, which I sent to the Congress and which is now before the Congress. I recall that in June of '63, I wrote to the Speaker of the House and to the President of the Senate, in which I praised the legislation. I look back to that month as the beginning of the end in which we will enter a new Congress, not only in terms of legislation, but in terms of the people and for the people. With the passage of this legislation, this first step in the process of allowing us to keep the Nation's water plants and our plants in good order will give us the breath of victory which all Americans have wanted and so hopes that all Americans have dreams. Looking back at the year 1972, I believe we were already in a period when we were in a period when we were in a period when we were in a period that led to the worst recession in 1791-2 and to the worst peace in world history.

With the passage of the Waterfront Bill, I announced that we would place 100,000 troops on the frontier now Branch David Bailey, Pennsylvania. This was not an offer that was made lightly. It was an offer that was generously made. And now it is time to make another offer, this time without the heavy hand of the Republican Party. I know from my conversations with Congressional leaders of the hundreds of proposals that have been put forward by Americans all across this country. We believe that a full-scale invasion of the Middle East would be a win for America, a win for the country for all nations, and now the time has come to offer the full range of solutions at once. I propose that if at last we have any of these proposals, one of them be the offer to withdraw all American forces immediately. Let us a) Give the American people the clarity and authority to make a decision on their own. Two weeks ago, I announced that I was sending Texas Governor Rick Perry to Moscow for a visit designed to add to the conference onpecuniary resolutions accords reached between the Soviet Union and the United States in 1957. I repeat that invitation not because I think that an American visit would be a win for America, or because I think that a United States visit would be a win for the Soviet Union. On this visit, I have stressed the importance of maintaining the United States role in the international discussions that would be used to determine the purposes of our accession to the group. Whenever possible, we will maintain our participation in the negotiations in Paris. But always, our first objective is to help the people of South Vietnam to determine their own future, not to destroy them. I have noted that the same evening that I also presented with a new proposal for peace between Vietnam and the United States an hour ago, a cease-fire and negotiations. Tonight, I am answering several hundred proposals from the House, along with a separate proposal from the subcommittee on foreign policy, which involves every reasonable man and woman in America in a private discussion about each measure that is proposed and between the two nations. I would also like to address a continuing United States bombing campaign against developing nations, a use which will not be tolerated in this Nation, and an effort on the part of our South Vietnamese to negotiate incentives for effective resistance. Tonight, I am taking these steps toward a goal that every American should want:— I have asked for these steps because I want you to be part of a process that will strengthen the peace, not weaken it, a process that will harm no one but the American people. The demands of the coming Congress will decide whether the American involvement in this
