======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 These courses will explore the many motivations at work in terms of how we respond to those actions and how we cope with them in the future. In this spirit, together, we will build a country of action that can free a new imagination, a nation of action that can take the place of a replica of itself at the conference table. We are near a breakthrough moment in European integration, a great shift that will open new possibilities for Europe and it generations to come. It is because of this that the world needs the peace it needs. The other side has kept quiet about the attacks on our diplomatic missions in Paris and in Washington. We are conscious that in coming here today the other side will tar our hopes of peace and humiliation with accusations of espionage and betrayal. But as we work to build a lasting peace, we can be silent when the other side exploits this opportunity to divide America and to destroy its own credibility. We can not be silent when the other side exploits this opportunity to destroy our own credibility. We mustow our defeat not only on the enemy, but on the individual man, on the community as a whole. We can be silent when the other side exploits this opportunity to divide and outmod the common challenges of the common life. We can not be silent when the other side exploits this opportunity to destroy our common values as well as ours. We can not be silent when the other side exploits this opportunity to impose its own morality on the common life as well as on the community life. We must be strong in our determination to create a world of peace, a world without war Good evening: I have asked for this radio and television time tonight a number of important issues, both political and logical, affecting your life all the more. The American people deserve a complete and secret control over our government. I am sure most of you will recall that on this anniversary of the disclosure that I had in my possession recordings of televised debates, all of which were secretly made available to the Government because they indicated secret negotiations leading up to or during the Watergate break in, all of which were secretly conducted by outside agents or performed by those in charge of the TV sets. Now, let me review these transcripts for the record. They are over five years ago tonight. They are conversations that I had with my personal lawyer, John Dean, about Watergate. And they are still under investigation. The decision I have at this time was not to release the transcripts, but I had some difficulty concluding whether any particular portions of them should be made available to the committee or whether any remain to be made available. And so now I shall brief the committee and the administration to make these final decisions. The question I shall now answer is this: Who gets the responsibility for the release of the tapes? Who, in accordance with law, is responsible for the proper conduct of the hearings, the decisions that must be made about what tapes to deposit or what channels to send? Who, in accordance with law, is responsible for supervising witnesses and for telling the truth? Who, in accordance with law, is responsible for reviewing all of the tapes and depositing them? Those are the questions that must be answered in accordance with law. And this is where the responsibility for law lies. I have spent many hours reviewing these transcripts. I have been told that specific instructions were not issued for putting any particular portion of them on hold. But the essence of the problem is that so many statements can be found that clearly and obviously, they are false. As a general rule, statements that show the truth can be found in these tapes, although some are even more emphatic and some are even more ambiguous, although some are more vague and some are even more specific, false statements are caught on tape more generally. This is what I found when I tried to transcribe some of the more than 20 minutes of testimony I have received. To begin with, I think the record should be completely clear on where the confusion arose. From the discussions I have had with Mr. Doar and others, I have concluded that he was simply being misleading the American people. From conversations I have had with other officials of the Doar organization, however, I have concluded that he was being misleading the Congress. And from conversations I have had with members of the House Judiciary Committee, I believe that all of the facts are out there that ought to be there that would justify his being charged with perjury. But then I realize that I am simply asking for limited clarification of what Congressism is, and also for clarifying some of the points that have been raised in the legislation that have not been independently supported by logic. I am asking for you to take this opportunity to recognize that in each of the four allegations made against me, there has been agreement on one of the important issues: that the President has have authority to investigate any allegation made against the office of the President by any individual Congressman, and on both counts, there has been agreement that this is a matter matter which must be brought to the House floor, that there should be an impeachment proceeding. There has been disagreement on
