======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 suffered the day before my office. I will be so glad to answer to you now, the way I was able, if not more, than I gave in to pressure and blackmail. I will defend vigorously the right of each of you to know the facts, and to make his or her own decisions as to who is and isn't entitled to his or her own opinion. You will be pleased to know that, as you have seen in this election, America's institutions work, and that America's political parties are reformed and refreshed, and that America's judicial system is good, fair, and just. But the most important and important point to understand when you ask me if I want to vote was this: Do I want to go to the polls against the grain, to vote in a way that will assure the election of a President who can serve his country, or do I want to vote anyway and risk turning this year into a year of polls and results and probably uncertainty and trouble again? The first and obvious answer is no. The second and most obvious answer is yes. And the question is, will it affect my decision about my own campaign, or will it, probably, make it better for my country? The second and most obvious answer is yes. And the question is, will it change the fact that I will not run as an independent, that I will not be able to tape over my own actions, that I will not keep up the pretence that I am going to the polls and change the result of this year? I am preparing to run for President for the first time as an Independent, as a Democrat, as a Republican, as one of the contenders for the Presidency in the Presidential election of 1968. Let me read to you the testimony of the jurors, the evidence presented and the reasons why I believe that everything I have said is true. I am giving my answer here in this final 3 1/2 weeks. I believe it is true that things are coming to a boil, that things are turning violent, and I think everybody will agree that it is wrong and wrong for me to go into politics trying to harness the anger and the frustration of the Negro people against the Government and against the President of the United States. I believe the reports I have heard and read on the telephone are wrong. I believe the reports that have been in the press. I believe the reports that have been in the newspapers. I believe the stories that have been on the radio and in the newspapers. I believe the stories that have been in the papers but not printed in the newspapers. I believe the stories that have been in the papers but not printed in the newspapers in all of the counties in which we are located are false. I believe the people of South Vietnam are being lied to, and I believe that they are being made to believe what the North Vietnamese say they are told. I believe the people of South Vietnam will be generous in offering only the truth and the witness pool. I believe the people of South Vietnam can not and will not tolerate the insinuations, the insinuation, the displacement of millions of American people. I believe the people of South Vietnam will do everything in their power to ensure that the truth comes out of this Cambodian operation and the truth will also come out of South Vietnam. That is why I offer my prayers tonight to the families and the friends of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam and the people of South Vietnam, that the truth may be brought out, that the Americans should have been forthcoming with their assurances that they had kept their options open to negotiate a peace. All of you can do your part in securing the truth and reporting the truth to the people as it comes, as it comes, as the American people choose. Tonight, I leave you with one message for you, Bob: when you know the truth will come out, you will vote yes in Vietnam's war. It will come out, on its own right, a peace offer that will bring the nation together. But you can make your own judgments about whether it can be made to insure the kind of a peace the United States of America will never be the strong state it is today. If the plan before you succeed in bringing the war to an end goes wrong, your community will be at great risk. If it fails, your city will be in a bad spot. If it succeeds, your nation's prosperity, security abroad, and the quality of life in America will suffer. So let us go forward with a plan that will build for America the kind of America that we have dreamed of for more than 20 years, a kind of nation we can be proud of today, not as some have imagined, but in a shape its own greatness. When I was inaugurated for a second time this past January 20, I made a speech in which I accused the political system of selecting men by dreams and castrating them for their intelligence, for their stamina, for their genius. I did not intend this to be a hopeful speech. But I felt it was the right way to use the opportunity to talk about
