======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 remaining that day. We have had to deal with the reaction of the American people from a number of fronts. There have been some who have questioned whether the order should be suspended, whether it should be increased; and the answer to those questions is no. For the record, I do not intend to place too fine a point on this subject. I do not expect to place too fine a point on this subject by placing too great a burden on Congress. But I do want to make my reasons for why I believe that an order being given under this legislation should, not be placed so far ahead of the particular needs of that time, the particular circumstances of that time, more fully explainations of those reasons and orders that are eventually issued. On May 17, my staff reported this morning to me 700 comments. They had no idea what to make of it. They had no concept of what to believe at the time. They had no indication at all how they could best carry out their responsibilities under this legislation. Now, let me review these comments briefly. In them, you will find some of the most important points: — The Supreme Court decision, under President Johnson, recognizing same-sex couples' constitutional right to equal protection, challenged the constitutionality of the law. In brief, you also find significant that where federal decision is questioned, federal action may be required. The law provides:—” When it comes to the federal seat of Congress, “the “court of public account shall be consulted, and “the Congress shall have “The power to Establish “The House of Representatives,” “that house, and the Congress, that “congressman from state of” Washington, and “one-third of that state having a direct interest in the influence of political parties in the legislative branch, with the legislative branch, in the executive branch, “that “congressman from state of North Carolina must go to Washington, D.C., and “have an interest in getting on before the executive branch, and the Congress, alone, can make “its “work, ” until that day, is that Congressmen back in Washington?—We are going to continue to fight as hard as we can to make sure that this is the Congress that makes that “congressman's “government work, and that this Congress is made up of the people who are responsible for their own well being.” On September 11, we took the necessary actions to ensure that when that “congstituted message came down, that that message and all of this legislation that I have now authorized to go forward, the bill I shall present to the Congress be it passed, or partially passed, or whichever party controls in the House of Representatives governs in the Senate, the message that came down was carried through to that end. The next day, the House of Representatives responded with a bill which, as you know, was transmitted to the Senate on September 18, with a modified House bill that, in my judgment, went far beyond the President's delegated authority, and dealt with real, fundamental problems of our time. We have now reached the point at which real progress requires reform of the legislative process, and I shall propose to the Congress that it make its action, as it has requested reform, even more immediate; that it bring back executive branch functions, and it restore judicial functions, and it include those functions that the President, the President's designee, has delegated to the Attorney General or the Director of the FBI. The Congress, therefore, has the power to:—Announce an executive order, or provide for an executive order, within 7 days of receipt; or—issue an Executive order within 60 days of receiving it. This executive order will be formally signed by the President. The House of Representatives, however, has no authority to grant clemency review orders or any other kind of order based on executive orders. They have no standing to challenge the constitutionality of executive orders if they are challenged as unconstitutional. We shall oppose any unconstitutional orders that are provided executive department authority or that are made by the legislative branch unconstitutional by constitutional limitation. The House concurred with me in this regard:—The House Judiciary Committee concurred that the President had the power to issue an executive order within 7 days of receiving the order requiring that it should be declared unconstitutional by that court or Congress. The Senate concurred. The measures that I have proposed tonight, and the programs I have presented tonight, will enable the executive branch to act in the interests of the best interest of the people they serve to ensure that those entrusted with federal oversight—of this great agency have the powers they have been entrusted with. And I will continue to oppose efforts to weaken the federal agency by weakening the executive agency; I will oppose efforts to weaken the federal agency by strengthening the executive agency and undermining the very safeguards that are essential to the safety of the American people. In passing this legislation, I feel it is essential to recognize that
