======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 spent in this office, which has been a privilege to be true. This report on my time here, which also comes in the form of transcripts, will serve as a warning to all of us that the challenges of this administration are extremely personal and that pursuing a goal larger than ourselves will require very serious sacrifices. I want these burdens to be borne; I make no promise that they will not be borne; but I can say that in our relationships with those who make these sacrifices, we make more mistakes than we make wins; we make more promises than we make losses; we make with more patience the improvements that come along than we make with a rush of enthusiasm. Some of you may recall that in my youth I launched a new effort, the Eisenhower-Kerr Initiative, to enlist the support of the military, the Catholic, the civil rights movement, the LGBT community, in getting the war to a start. I turned down almost all of these offers. And I should add, though on his behalf, I offered several dozen business leaders, labor leaders, doctors, unions, some of whom I had known for many years, some who I had met many times before, some who I had not met, some who I had not known at all, some who were willing to listen but who were deeply concerned by the prospect of seeing their jobs suddenly go, or losing their jobs, or being cut off from essential income support, or going against the grain. I didn't get any of them to the point where they were willing to discuss precisely what we were doing here, or even how we were going to get our program done. But I know from my own efforts, over and over, the public interest groupies been brought in to play to those who were interested. And as the year 1970 approached, I was asked repeatedly whether we were preparing a war effort for the United States or for the future, and I always, honestly, if I was serious about bringing a war to a close, I had better get the war started right away. I was always able to get the war started right away. When, in December of '69, we heard that the President was moving to start World War II on a temporary basis, I said to him once again: The time has come for a major shift in direction. . . To begin with, let us make our preparations for a major military operation. We shall!—And our men!—Together with our allies, we shall!—Prepare to Combat the World War. We shall!—And with us we shall!—Ensure our logistics are up to snuff. We shall.—We shall!—Ensure the safety of both our logistical and political forces. We shall.—We shall!—Ensure our forces are 100,000 strong and on the move. We shall.—And we shall .—Ensure the peace is not only ended but maintained forever. Let us remember that a success depends on the spirit of the spirit.” Great. Now let me add a word to the ever-changing speech, which I gave at the time of the greatest crisis of our recent history, a commitment by the President to put the United States first and to keep the peace if need be. I first became aware of this crisis when radio and television reports reporting directly to the President suddenly stopped. Within an hour after receiving my letter from Moscow reporting the same disruption pattern that had been observed two weeks earlier, I received a message from St. Petersburg reporting the same situation again. Within an hour after that, I learned that two American marshals, along with seven other Americans, were killed in an Israeli air strike, that six of their men kidnapped and executed in an occupied territory were attempting to return to their countries of origin. Within 24 hours, I learned more than 500 Americans were being detained in the United States alone, arbitrarily and without charge or trial. I knew this meant intense scrutiny, and it was particularly intense because of the young Americans who had taken the oath of allegiance to the Palestinian Authority. I assumed they were members of the Security Armed Forces of the Government of the United States. I was wrong. They were brutally vicious Iraqis with no regard for the principles of human decency or the dignity of citizenship. They had no regard for the spiritual or ethical standards that would be observed by a United States marshal or any other American interrogator. I was especially concerned by their human rights. Because these men had just returned from fighting in Lebanon, they had the right to be there in the United States. Because they had been charged with being terrorists, they had the right to be reported to us as such. Because they had been charged with a grave risk because they had tried to enter the United States from Jordan, we were already investigating an attempt which they had made in the United States. And I could tell you from my own conversations with them that they had determined that this was a serious and calculating effort on their part to stir up sectarian strife in Jordan and in the country that they considered to be their sworn enemy. And I believe it
