======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 that people have a right to know what is happening around them and when and in what country. So let us let Americans know precisely what is happening and what direction these actions are headed. It is vital that this Administration recognize the magnitude of the problem and that we are able to deal effectively with it. Three weeks ago, when I inaugurated my new Administration, we used to send out handouts to 600,000 Americans a year. Two years ago, when I left Washington, I made a total of budget requests of this size and quality. The programs I am bringing to a close can and must be made in a way that will enable these funds to go toward the needs of the future and not just for the present but for the future and in the years to come. The time has come to assess these funds and to put them into place so that they will be of use to future Presidents and to the future as they are spent. In this session of the Congress, we come across many programs where the Administration has not yet been able to produce results. This is one of them. Railroads and other financial companies have spent more than a generation trying to persuade the American people that their projects can compete fairly and competently against privately run enterprises. Now, this they can do. And the courts have recognized the necessity of this action. Recently, we have come to see more and more of this sort of thing as well. As a result, some of these projects, when they are finally completed, will seem attractive alternatives to old enterprises and new enterprises alike. Some are projects that can replace old enterprises by new enterprises, and some are projects that will revitalize the old enterprise while improving the environment for future generations. Now, the time has come to assess these programs individually, in concert with the financial institutions themselves, and to lay the foundation for their eventual implementation in the public interest. Program Details Railroads have tried to portray themselves in this case as having been the victims of insider attacks. They have insisted that the closeness of the projects to the national interest meant that they were necessary programs for all of the nation. But the facts are far more stark: Seven years ago, this action by the Administration in carrying out my first 100-year Plan was made possible by the political will and initiative of the people of this Nation. At that time, the industrial complex in Baltimore and other industry representatives in Baltimore and surrounding areas urged on every level that we oppose the enactment of any legislation that would limit the development of our great cities. At the same time, they urged on the Congress and the administration of this Nation, in contrast to some of our other major cities, to take a more active role in limiting the size of government and encouraging the efficient use of our resources. And the highest level of the Administration, President Eisenhower, in an eloquent speech before the Congress in 1957, declaredly stated this same sentiment: “We believe in government as the healer, we feel it as the destroyer. Government is the resource of the good people, and the good government the vanguard.” “We believe that a strong government, which uses all the wisdom and is as large as its weakest link, is the key to turning our society around and turning the age of stagnation into a age of prosperity. Government is the guardian of this earth from whence we are spiraling out of sync with nature, and it is the key to turning the age of crisis back to the old cycle of war and stagnation. To believe otherwise would be to ignore the problems and to backtrack the government to the strictest of standards. To join with Congress, to make a vital new beginning in a long and hard road, is to do nothing but to make the mistakes that are made in the making make them the first casualty of conflict. The time has come for a new spirit of responsibility and of discovery, a time for reflection, a time for exploring, for comparing opportunities of every kind. Last November, the American people were given the chance to make their own decisions regarding America's role and role in the world. It was the spirit of America that will define our foreign policy in the years ahead. Let us be proud that our longest war ended in a settlement-based settlement, not because our side won, but because both sides reached new and better agreements over the years. In our relations with the Soviet Union, we have turned away from a policy of confrontation to one of negotiation. Let us recognize that while our two strongest allies are great powers, and while we celebrate the peaceful settlement of the Korean conflict, we shall continue to explore in the new and an better way the cooperation of the nations of the world as a whole. China is greatly encouraged by the progress we have made in cooperation with the Soviet Union and the host nations of the Western Hemisphere. The importance of the Soviet Union in our foreign policy is magnified when we consider that under the leadership of Marshal Tito, the Communist armies advanced through the Volga area across the Sotelo-Siberian borderland, killing more than a million people and rav
