======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 have that to assure the continued success of the program President Kennedy laid down in his inaugural Address to the Nation. Now, as we've seen, even long overdue reforms are being worked on at the Department of Veterans Affairs at the VA, and particularly at the 1,500-bed Veterans Health Administration at the VA. We are making progress toward that goal. The private insurance markets are now favorable conditions for full utilization. The fixed dollar, the shortage-relief policy implemented under the previous President's program, would have provided the funding and the incentive for full employment. Now, the problem solved. The policy would have brought the shortage under control. But that would have been a disastrous mistake. The problem remains. We must reconcile our demand with our supply side to meet the shortage. We have. We have designed and conducted ourselves against the background of a new political period in which the parties whose base support we must win in 1972 will be greatest. Two misguided minds may have attempted to portray the same picture last year in the Presidential election. Now, there are great differences as to how the election should be conducted. The idea that I have presented tonight between now and then has none of the wisdom or sense of the historic elections which were the result of vastly different political armies, many of whom campaigned in the same camps, and with vastly different goals. The idea that I have presented to the American people tonight may well be correct is probably the greatest disappointment and worst nightmare that has ever beenfallen the Presidency of the United States. It is also the greatest blessing and a curse because it enables us to go forward together and achieve what we have not done before in this office: to make the great responsibilities that lie ahead available to every American. Before we utter the obsolete term 'cure,' let us recognize that the problem we confront tonight is not the dysfunction of the election or the messiness of the election. The problem is the very existence and the quality of a President 's personal privacy. Our leaders in Washington and in New York have been unable to communicate effectively about the problem of Presidential personal privacy. For too long, some of our political commentators have been able to effectively critique the actions of the President, and the decisions that are made about what the nation can do for him or her. The problem is much more serious than this administration's privacy. It is very real and it is very serious. It is very serious about what we can and can not do about it. It is very, very serious about what we want and can not do. And it is very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, we have been so caught up in this whole mess of a political ' vernacular', we don't have the faintest notion what we want and can not accomplish in any field. But we an't fail to propose a far greater and more comprehensive set of reforms than what we have today. If we begin now to organize a stable of policies that are consistent with what we have been doing in the past, we can move up the ladder of quality government by bringing more and more of the arts, by getting more out of government, and by giving more and more of yourself. What we want is more of the same. More of the same not more of what we want is more of the same. This requires a reorganizing of the government, a major rethinking of how we use our resources, a major rethinking of how we use our energies. It also requires that government should be more than ever mindful of the great needs of the people, how we use our resources, and more importantly, how we use them. Tonight, I ask for your support and your approval for this effort to come to fruition. I ask for your understanding, so that as a people we can better understand what government needs and needs not more and not less, but more and more, so that government can be more than ever concerned with the well being of this Nation, and with the well being of all of our people. Thank you and good night Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, my colleagues in the Congress, our distinguished guests, my fellow Americans: As this 92nd Congress begins its session, America has lost a great Senator, and all of us who had the privilege to know him have lost a loyal friend. I had the privilege of visiting Senator Russell in the hospital just a few days before he died. He never spoke about himself. He only spoke eloquently about the need for a strong national defense. In tribute to one of the most magnificent Americans of all time, I respectfully ask that all those here will rise in silent prayer for Senator Russell. [ Moment of silence ] Thank you. Mr. Speaker, before I begin my formal address, I want to use this opportunity to congratulate all of those who were winners in the rather spirited contest for leadership in the House and the Senate and, also, to express my condolences to the losers. I know how both of you feel.
