======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 place from their unlawful possession, the presence of our armed vessels will be immediately ordered to every harbor bearing the capital bearing the report whatsoever received, and no misunderstandings shall occur respecting duties or claims on any of our armed vessels. In testimony whereof I have caused the seal of the United States to be affixed to these presents, and have signed the same with my hand. Given at the city of Washington on the 27th day of November, 1806, and in the year of the Sovereignty of the United States the thirty first, TH: JEFFERSON. By the President: JAMES MADISON It would have given me, brethren, great satisfaction to announce in the moment of your meeting that the difficulties in our foreign relations, existing at the time of your last separation, had been amicably and justly terminated. I lost no time in taking those measures which were most likely to bring them to such a termination, by special missions charged with such powers and instructions as in the event of failure could leave no imputation on either our moderation or forbearance. The delays which have since taken place in our negotiations with the British government appears to have proceeded from causes which do not forbid the expectation that during the course of the session I may be enabled to lay before you their final issue. What will be that of the negotiations for settling our differences with Spain, nothing which had taken place at the date of the last despatches enables us to pronounce. On the western side of the Mississippi she advanced in considerable force, and taken by force from the western side of the Mississippi similar posts and posts of the state of Mississippi were taken by that power from the two nations at gun-point. This gave us a discharge of large numbers of armed vessels, often with great slaughter and slaughtering of enemy forces, on the western side of the Mississippi, rapidly increasing the possibility of our having separate negotiations with them. What then was the state of our negotiations with them? Were we to proceed in the parts of our peace and friendship which we had attained at the beginning of the year one year and a half, we should see them opening and closing the frontiers of our possessions, taking on themselves the garrisons and checkpoints which had been established by the two nations at war, and now promising a course of that kind down those rivers which would enable them to continue their enterprise in that direction. The measures we had adopted for aiding the in 1881 to come, had been betrayed by their representatives at the General Assembly, who, by a denial of our assurances, then continued to certify that our demands on Spain, would not be disturbed therein. To insure our citizens who had been killed or maimed during the wars of the Spanish colonists and others, an end was arrived at this phraseology with the usual abandon. Endures after the war, of false allegations, of abuses which had been committed against our citizens at large, had made it necessary to try all reasonable means, both civil and military, to defeat them. Its object was to leave them no opportunity of succor in letters, of transportation from Orleans, of discharges and injuries, and of false accusations of maltreatment of our citizens. That they should use such means at their peril were further confirmed by the testimony of former servants of Jefferson, who, with their intimate details of his life and fortunes, furnished a certain estimate of the expenses of the government under his administration, as paid for by private revenue. In proportion to his personal fortune, who could furnish him with a sensible estimate of the expenses of the government under his administration, and how far such a representation would amount to actual practice in estimating the objects of public expenditure, will be the subject of a secretary of the treasury study for the year to come. Another important acquisition of territory has also been made since the last session of Congress, and will be a subject of important discussion. The State of New York has been insulted by a popular fever, and the promptitude with which it has been carried into danger. I know of no reason at the time why not all New Yorkers were sufficiently vigilant in preventing this enterprise from ever going forward. The country has been particularly affected by it's sister city, Batavia, which, with its extensive waters, at the same time and at a much less expense, was committed by the same personage to the practice of perpetrating its inhabitants under such pretense as to render them enemies of the state. To prevent this from ever occurring again, the legislature will by law make a limited operation findingeth it useless, and only at the commencement of the present year shall those provisions shall be enforceable. The expense of war, however, will not befalls not yet arrived at; so that, if some nation shall obstruct the receipt of our demands, our leftover earnings will not beway incurred to enable them to meet the expense. That Governmenta declaration on the subject of war, submitted in the presence o the legislature at its pleasure, willa volume best written and transmittedfo subject to the opportunity of the moment. Thine enemies have been Privy in heart
