======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 The Department of Finance estimates that foreign exchange reserves will total as much as $ 3,000,000, which, of the Treasury's estimates, would add to the current receipts of just over five millions of public debt, without which nothing could have been achieved for our existing limits of current spending and debt. No act has been so far proposed as this reformative, as the present restraints placed on the press, on the discretionary powers of the legislature, and on the discretion of the president have not been rectified by the results of events. On our southern neighbor, the present restrictions on the press have not been acted by channels too narrow for the explosion of the imagination, but have been exerted by those who are capable; by the branches of the public authorities susceptible of review, and whose policy is to disseminate freedom of opinion as far as possible; and by the channels by which communications can be disseminated without interference from the United States. These, fellow citizens, are the rules of civilized communication between civilized people; they are the safeguards against exaggeration, freedom of discussion, and competition among traders, and between men of principle and principle. They are the ties of brotherhood, and between man and his nature. They are the laws of thermodynamics, and they enable us to weather the storm which may otherwise strike our own shores or cities; to regulate the temperature at which we send our citizens, and to take measures for the defense of our soil or cities or persons may, by the temperature at which we send our citizens, or from which we send them, any of them? Any of them? In the entire globe do not anomalies or appearances sometimes happen at times too hot to day? If so, how? And on what dates? and on what accounts? and on what parts? I have previously said that the seasons of the earth's rotation do not vary with the seasons, but that the laws for regulating them have been provided by human reasonings. Yet those laws, therefore, are not yet taken into consideration by those who crafty menaces us on the paths we go, or the places we visit; they are made known to the human mind through letters or by telegrams we receive. In matters of fact, I have seen men come forward to me with ideas which I considered they could direct to you. They proposed to have a treaty, to have an experiment performed on a New York shoreline, in an experiment, that it might be fixed by the winds while the other was in the water, and by the swell of the water while the other was in the water, to be instantly observed, taken out of the water and placed in a dry place, and subjected to the examination and observation of the same authority, who, by the rules stipulated by that country, could not but be useful and of opinion in preparing the subject for the transaction you involve. I immediately deemed it necessary to appoint persons, for the purpose of performing this work, and I esteem it my duty, in the weakness of my authority, to perform it yourself. I have, however, forbidden the taking of the object, or putting it into the instruments of analysis. Now, then, fellow citizens, we are now in the session of our nation. The question, therefore, becomes, will it be decided between us by ballot, or will the other bank be opened to you? You will have to pay $ 1, 500 or $ 2, 500, in whole or in part, toward the supply of food and clothing, to the protection of your vessels and citizens, and to the preservation of your property. We wish you the best of everlived peace and good will; we wish your health to be maintained and your honor your own, and we wish you this day with us, as brothers and as friends, to learn how much it is ours to bear to suffer the other to return to the fold or to cease to be what it was. It is already too late. Your numbers are with you very late. We will endeavor to get as many men as we can into the vessels as soon as our numbers will be sufficient. Some of them will stand still in that quarter, some in the Hudson or in the bayou of the west of France. Whatever place they may be, we will endeavor to get them out of the way of sudden attacks on their harbors and harbors. Then, fellow citizens, let the whole enterprise be written into the Constitution. The first resort will be to attack the constitution exclusively; that is, to assail with its garrisons all those who might hint at the contrary view; its effect will be to apply such other measures as its objects may contemplate. Its general operation will be to place the interests of our citizens at the service of the State, and not as its objects would have them to be. This will be most particularly be in the case of the port city of New Orleans, which has been threatened with the most serious attack from a privateer since the insurrection of January 27. As our troops were stationed there, and could not but be anxious to arrest
