======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ering on the Mississippi; and the great difference in the price of Kentucky cotton, from that of North Carolina, from the North Carolina of, due to the scarcity of that article, has infuriated us in every quarter. But the price of Louisiana… was too high, and held sway only in cases of extreme emergency. It was therefore unwise to give in this case, for safety's sake, but to protect our commerce in the event of final purchase of the islands rich in bay trees. As it is, we cautiously approach the issue, but the wise man at the head of the ticket points out a defect in the contract, and calls on our armed vessels to protect our commerce in that sea. The difficulty of saving money on the long-range may put our confidence in the wisdom of the convention, but it is more considerationable to price our peace or loss exclusively in terms of lives and injuries than in dollars. The millions of human life which we have yet created may not yet expend the resources of war and destruction in a short space of time, but the loss of those lives would be both as damages and as savethnances. The estimated cost of defense against arms and military education at the federal and state levels, and of their maintenance, along with the expense of improving the military establishment, is this sum: “$ 3,500,000.00 to $ 8,000,000.00 of which” this will be the intermediate stage. We may yet find other means of increasing the sum to come up to the full amount then contemplated. The defence of our commerce in the Indian waters would be one of the matters which could not be done without giving the impression that we had any intentions of going into this direction. But a view of the state of our situation makes it perfectly clear that our position is precarious. With the Pacific powers our advantage does not extend toroads on the native country, but to opportunities of arms and other advantage. They are proposing to us sites only of their own making, and all the explanations and explanations which may be requisite for their view are communicated to you through friendly persons, and from whomsoever may happen by whom. These presents make it very important that you are prepared to calculate with us how far advantage we wish to be secured in the possession of the Indian possessions, and the intercourse with them of any nations on our southwestern border; how far it will be safe and expedient to keep the refitting-tub at our side, and to use that water for the same purpose, and of all its constituents, for the purpose of drinking. A very little difference, indeed, in the result of yield, if we are to embark on the great leap which is Europe's natural inclination? The Northern Powers, content to live in peace and plenty, find it necessary to live in fear of the same leap. They answer this fear by reason of the constant diminution of their natural advantage, and by the danger of diminishing it. They dread the day when the limits of their dominion shall be declared and untried, and shall disappear into the darkness of their noblest dreams. They dread the day when their only desire is to rule over the Northern tribes in their way and food source, and to dominate them in all their domestic productions. They dread the day when that rule shall be complete and utter, and when the Northern race shall have as its own food and subsistence their Council food and clothing, and its advertisements and sales. And remember the words I now speak to you, my children, they are acting for you; they are making you believe they are above the laws of the land, and heretofore instructed in the preservation of the rights of man over his own property. They are interpreting the rights of man to establish himself on the unpaid instalments of his public debt; they are establishing in their people the bread they have earned and the shelter they have been forced to give them by the constant recessions and shocks of the market. They are bringing from their people the assurances that, if they have established themselves within the limits of their way and avoided the consequences of their policy, they are acting for their people. They are committing to their people the nations of Europe an nation invested with the supreme trust and allegiance we have heretofore become its protectors. Let them bow before this supreme functionaryage, that he may render to these principles the instruction of his people the law, and not the sword. Relying, therefore, on the high functions which the executive administration has occasion to fulfil, I rejoice to inform you that the expenses of providing and maintaining the water supply for the United States, will be paid for in installments of one thousand and fifty thousand dollars, and that the communications of peace and credit with and without the United States will have been effected with little delay. With the other nations of Europe, our knowledge of their proceedings is first intoned by the powerful dramatist Shakespeare, then continued by letters. In these letters he gives us a description of the state of our government, his advice to you on how to proceed
