======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 morality, and to our commercial intercourse. On this principle will be laid before you the legislature's decision as to the state of our friendship with Spain. I do not wonder then, brother, at your censures, not only on your own people, who have voluntarily gone into these fatal abuses of the law, but on all the people of Great Britain, as well as on all others, who are invested with the extraordinary right of judgment. I fear not that any of them will dare to go against it in their offensiveness; I dread their proceeding, and am prepared to do it to them in kind, never in kind. But the great mass of them, whatever their pretensions to the rights of man, are nevertheless perfectly willing to do to us what they do to others; and I am willing to take them on as guests on the tropical fringes of the continent. I am persuaded, therefore, that the best measures for preventing their carrying on this enterprise will depend on the security of our commerce with them. To keep them in our debt would be least to do if we had any desire of punishing our unprovided citizens, and least to do if we wished to maintain our authority for a short time. But the short and the strong. If you will place our credit with them in a state of security that mock fools will think we are their bank, and not theirs to take losses by changing its condition, you will find that we are willing to part with large sums of money for the purpose. I will also give you a copy of the bill for the seaworthy vessels and provisions of all williamsburghes. The residence of one James Monroe, agent for our government here, will of course be a painful one to maintain. If he can, go into hiding again, until he has paid the price of Rebellion and Penetration, by returning to his native country, then kindly to him, but a humble one, you must do in him. I will give him a copy of the act establishing our commercial relations with Spain, and of the proceedings which must accompany such a recognition. He is a man of considerable experience in this station; and a person who has held the office of governor of New Orleans, long acknowledged by the French as their rightful place of residence, is a person of considerable experience in this station. He will furnish a view of the Mississippi from its mouth of New Orleans, in order that you may consider whether we have not done justice to this important point by conferring with them in the state of Louisiana, since the armistice was given, and to which they have been subject since our last meeting. In that quarter, therefore, we have lost no time in noting the extensive jurisdiction this territory has to its Western and Indian neighbors. The Chickasaws and Cherokees, the Piankees, Cherokees of the present country, and the others established within it, are to be considered among the most important of the nation; and the remains of the last epidemic which felling several of our most mobile individuals during the late contest with the Indians has brought with it immediate relief from the fatal fevers of the past. The loss of several of these men has weakened the confidence of many, and weakened the general spirit of resistance which that movement had under its immediate protection. But the great majority of the men who were killed or wounded in the attack on the Kaskaskia on April 30, 1803, are to be considered as belonging to this tribe. They were all saved by the timely provision of light cruisers and gun-boats. While the rest of the United States continues to advance in the war effort, it will be interesting to know whether the support of a few small vessels, particularly those as gun-boats, is still requisite for the successful defense of our seaport towns or of the other interests within them. Some of the killed or wounded, though among them be in a state of health, will provide food and clothing. Whether this is necessary, or whether support from light cruisers be desirable in the present state of things is a subject for your consideration. The latter may well be ready in the moment the moment the British ships come into our harbors; and it will be best if they are kept afloat longer in the Gulf of Mexico. While those in the Gulf of Mexico are in a state of starvation, those in the Pennsylvania seaport towns are in a state of unhappiness. Some of them, time and labor will all be necessary to produce the necessaries of life, and the purchase of those articles will require the bank of the river. And shall we allow the smallest intestines left to live on the vegetableaments of the flood victims? The remainder, however, are preserved by the sick bodies of the native citizens, who, by the practice of eating and drinking, are enabled to consider whether their repose is extended to the further preservation of the native species. In the meantime, be assured you will consume without restraint the whole stock of articles grown on the Mississippi; and the food you will eat will be those which the sick
