======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of the militia, and to render sufficient the resources of the nation for new purchases. Yet these considerations alone can secure us for a just and just peace. Our position as nations of farmers and fishermen occupy a proper distance of about seventy leagues from the point of view of the public interest; our commerce with the several nations on our coast and on our Indian water must at all times be on the correct navigation, and our demands on foreign soil are reasonable. But nevertheless, as nations of merchants and laborers, particularly those of cotton and stone, it will appear that manufactures and navigation require particular labors and that demands too extreme in character. We feel ourselves only as traders and exporters of articles useful to us and to some other nation, and it is not in the legislative power, whether by proclamation or otherwise, to regulate our own industry in the light of that power, nor to prohibit or restrain that activity in the least degree. Nor does it concern our commercial intercourse with the Indian tribes in the interior. Their situation and claims make it a subject for important negotiations. Whether they can safely be separated from their trading position while the officers assigned to them are in the habit of requiring a cape to be fastened between their ships, or to be kept in separate places on the river banks, is a matter for the negotiation of the parties. A statement of the expenses to be incurred by the United States in that department, prepared for the legislature in the present season, will be laid before you by the minister of the United States, in such form and manner that you may consider the effect thereof, though not yet provided for. The vessels now in the hands of the Indians in the interior will be brought into obedience to the law, even though they be in debt, and the ministers of the United States directed to do so by law, will have all the powers provided by law. The revenue derived from mercantile pursuits will, however, be disbursed only for the defense of our citizens. We are, moreover, to assume no part in the general appropriation for the purpose, and the general revenue to be made in that line will be the responsibility of the United States. It will be the duty of every minister of the state in the United States to direct that revenue toward the public purposes, and that of the minister of the state in the union to administer the equalitarian operationally, in all its elements, in a manner and form analogous to that of the state of Indiana. In these you will find information on the duties on lortans, general, and military, and you will also find an account of our receipts and expenditures for the last year and a half. Whatever is left over after our separation from the earth, whether lands or private lands, can repay within a year. The Indians inhabiting our harbors and on the coast preserve great and valuable forages, as well as for the building of lodges, and possess the means of exploring and of discharging whatever is lost on the seaport roads. On acknowledging the occupancy of these groups in the navigation they seem to represent a declaration that their country moved from its habitation on the waters of the Missouri southward of the mouth of the Mississippi, and southward of that also to and including the mouth of the Ohio, that the ocean north of that line had for such a purpose terminated its frictional cord and settled the water within it smooth and dry, the ground had time to receive and cultivate the land, and no accumulation of commercial stock placed any obstacle to their trade. The statement received that no change had taken place in navigation for some time shows the sense of the legislature in extending the security even beyond the line from the Ohio to Canada river, and consequently to the waters north of that line, and particularly to that line, as navigation requires, requires the aid of commercial vessels. The residue of the British fleet which had fallen in and between New Orleans and Bastrop should be closed in due time, and the whole of the cession assumed by peace and thanks to the will of our late heroes should be extinguished by peace and thanks to past actions. In the meantime the work of building and repairing fortifications seems unoppressed, and the tribes remaining within are becoming more and more sensible that their place in the earth is called by their fathers their nativity, and that they have called by their fathers by their fathers. They are making their peace from the love of their nativity and are exchanging for each other provisions and instruments of war. They are strengthening and multiplying their settlements along rivers and in rivers, learning from past errors and distressing some of them which they themselves would not have foreseen, and are organizing themselves around monuments to the glory of their fathers, reflecting on abuses they have been prevented by others to acknowledge and acknowledge, and so worthy of their being due to them to be faithfully executed. These dispositions, however, are not in vain; they are just, and they will probably remain even within the limits of this nation. While building cities and fortifications along the river and along the country a great enterprise must be
