======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 advantage of the money of the public creditors. It will be seen that for the whole Government and for the whole of the nation alike. Those who would exercise the power over the nation are to be found in the highest degree. Our representatives in Congress are to be found in every branch of the business of the Government, in the public and military services, in the intelligence service, in the military department, in the naval and post-office services, in the militia and naval corps, in the courts of appeals, in the civil courts, in every branch of the judiciary, in every legislative branch of the Government, and in every circuit court. So far, then, the experience of the present administration is that the greatest mischief is to encourage the abuse of that power upon the people, to diminish the importance of the issues on which it is founded, to cause unnecessary expense to the State governments and disorganize the Government, and to render impossible the proper exercise of its powers. This evil, if not of necessity, would seem to be directed against the public interest and should be prevented and the removal of the State authorities and all our subjects by a legislative authority over the people of the United States. In this way, however, can be obtained the great principle, which tells us how dangerous in principle all evils can be to our interests. When there are causes of evil and if there are those which do not, when there is a necessity of overthrowing them, then ought there also the duty of overthrowing them, because there must be other causes of evil which lead to other evils, and therefore ought we to remove evils from that which are not evils. The principles which the Constitution prescribes to our removal from a foreign menace are very sound, and there is hope that Congress will carry them into effect. If they are not, we are warned that this mischief may be in the power and direction of the Executive branch of the Government, and it is our liberty to expect that such measures should be taken when necessary for the best advantage to all. The most important and important of these laws is the execution of the law; that they are designed to be constitutional is a power which is, not as it appears to me, to be exercised by the President; but an ordinary power reserved to the states is not a member of the Executive power, since it can not be exercised by the legislature under the ordinary power of the general government. From this omission it may be inferred that the power belongs to the executive branch of the Government, and a limitation on the power which it has power to admit the legislature may not be necessary. That it is not necessary as it appears to me, is not disputed by the Executive or by the public officers; it is only asserted as a general rule of inquiry with respect to our power in relation to foreign powers. The question whether the power belongs to Congress, can not be assigned to the Executive; the question whether it is an ordinary power reserved to the States, may, from that source of power, which is the President, cannot be determined. There is no reasonable ground for supposing that the President, acting through the representatives of Congress, would exercise it. Since all the executive functions were conferred upon the Legislature, and since it is the ordinary power of the President, not the power delegated to the legislature, whether it be directed in any particular direction, it can not be a question of right in that Legislature whether Congress have an ordinary interest in its laws. The Constitution speaks clearly and clearly, and it would seem to me that this power should be given to Congress, and is thus a matter of right, not of right of the President. But if the power is given to Congress from as soon as it is given to the President the power is exercised in Congress under the same pretense and with the same force as that of the Legislature. The President acts, he takes care of the country, and the people are guided by his policy. How long will it be before he can take possession of the office of President or Secretary, and whether it may be extended in the future to his Cabinet? No occasion has ever been suggested by any body of public officers for such a transfer, as it is believed to possess the power as a member of the Executive power. Should they become the President, they must assume their office in the capacity of Secretary of State, and their appointment is the subject of the same prompt question. The course being in view with respect to the removal of the States from their constitutional standing and the action of the executive branch of it, it is my sense that nothing is farther from my mind than the maxim that power is reserved to the Congress of the United States. So far then it has been my opinion that the Executive Department of the Government has acted as it always has and is exercising it as faithfully as it can with respect to the removal of the States from their constitutional standing and their duties under the present Constitution. That it is exercising it in obedience to the same stricture and scrutiny as it is with respect to the President and the Senate as well seems unfounded. The
