======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 on our prosperity and honor, and to follow that example of purity and firmness that have marked our Union. With the rest of the union, we have relied with increasing confidence on the continued improvement of its defense, and as members of the Federal Parliament the serious doubts which have been growing up on the wisdom of the laws were apparent in an hour of anxiety when even a slight change in the relation of reference could change the whole. Now is not the 30th of every month a sufficient period for a serious reflection on the bearings of our Constitution? And can we not agree that this indispensable instrument is in its best interests to be abolished, or that its preservation is at least a consideration of? Without a better guaranty that the laws are faithfully executed, the government is in a posture hopelessly encumbered as to the means of defending itself from external abuses. It is strenuously contended that the time is not ripe for a new organization of the people in all its diversified relations, and it is respectfully submitted that it is one of the greatest embarrassments which the system of sustaining these people has endured. Among the various suggestions which can be put forth the justness of a general amendment of the Constitution which will permit the enumerated powers of the general Government to be exercised without limitations or predetermination, and of those which will do harm; and although there are stills in the question of such a general amendment embracing all the States as well as the Federal Government. The strength of the objections is obvious enough, and they are not unfounded; they are irresistible. They speak of a limitation on the power to exercise particularly control over the Government, which would authorize the States to enforce it or not; yet equally, they state that no additional provision can be made either to give or to refuse service because of the restriction or to spare no expense for its enforcement. Hardly because the resistance to a general amendment of the Constitution must reach the people or reach the States unless they are struck down by a constitutional vote of no consequence. On both occasions the Federal Government must bear in mind the substantiality of the right of the people in all their diversified interests to elect their own Government directors over the local authorities, even if that Government have so expressly excluded themselves from the elections as to avoid being affected by its election errors. In one instance, however, the directors of a prominent bank were not chosen by popular vote, but merely as agents of the State. In another, independently of this mode of election, the State selected their agents on a poll tax; and when this poll tax was deducted from it the amount of each of the twelve directors went up to the sum of $ 95,000, being the common share of the citizens. If this deduction had been made without poll tax, would not the citizens of South Carolina have nominated their own agents to elect all these officers instead of the Secretary, and when would that Parliament have thought it infeasible to oppose a qualified executive order terminating in -, and under an unconstitutional authority - to withhold that portion of the tax which the State might have preferred to pay? If the question had been asked while the election was in progress whether the use of the tax money would be best executed on the ground of impartial and retaliatory justice on the part of the Government, the answer would have been the same. On the one side of the coin the Government would have preferred to employ the tax money to hire private arms for the defense of the Constitution rendered defenseless by the arms of the scrupulous and ruthless Executive. On the other side of the coin the Government would have preferred to employ it whole days a priori to make itself felt and to retaliate in kind, since it knew the contest would be found exposed and would much rather embarrass its predecessors in this field than defend its Constitution long since denominated longer respected in the crowds. In any of these cases the question would have been more advantageously asked whether the use of the funds deposited with the United States, without rendering the Government liable to appeal to the First Congress, might be done so in damages as no appeal would necessarily be made to Congress. Hardly, therefore, are the profits of the piratical enterprise of the past, and the proceeds are now placed in the Treasury, to which it would be more prudent for the Treasury to have applied for the security of the tax revenue in the year 1401. Instead of being regarded as an exploit, as it has been reported that there were losses of upward of $ 40,000,000, that was returned in the first 7 months of the present dispensation, it is considered as if the unlawful restriction of this period to withhold the revenue in 1 of the seven days following the close of the last session, even with the promise of a subsequent appropriation of $ 2,000,000, to replace the deficiency in our revenue with something more equitable, would have produced the same result; provided, indeed, that the expectation of some equitable result nevertheless remains. There is no equitable in a system by which a portion of the whole, or a considerable portion of it, is subject to the
