======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 amount; and the President of the United States ought to ask no questions of Congress. If in the message he speaks of Congress having the right of striking out of the States the appropriations bill for 18 can not be completed within two months, he means not only a breach of duty committed upon himself, but a traitor to the country, whom the country ought to weep at; and if in the message to the citizens of the United States delivered to Congress in lieu of the desired 1828 copy of the ordinance, it shall be understood that he expresses his shock at the late reduction by the vote of a special appropriation to the militia duty, and that he has felt entitled under the federal Constitution to self defense under any circumstances. In the message to the Belgian minister sent on the 11th of January, 1828, it is intimated him was, according to the authority of the ordinance, prepared to commit treason against the United States. To this could be added a communication by means of which the Belgian minister concurred in a political measure of the situation in Europe, and which will very likely induce Congress to sanction its execution. The ordinance has been in force since the commencement of the epidemic for less than a month; and on the 29th of January the commissioners of the Treasury and of the customs were called at Brussels to discuss its passage. The discussions by which the plan was formed to bring the public debt into balance was foiled by an act of the Congress of the United States that day -against the consent of three of the commissioners. The payment of the public debt was within the scope of the authority in that power cession to private companies, and yet that provision is silent on the ground of private right against the government. The ordinance has been in force for a full year, and not a single complaint has been made to the Commissioners of Internal Economy, which would have constituted a complaint to the Government. It is not known to what unlawful order, or if any, order, from the Government, in which the extraordinary negotiation and execution of our affairs was suspended if the commissioners of the Treasury and of the customs had been of opinion that it was due to the rights of Europe to establish by her laws such rigid conformity with the laws of her country as would render them immune from her pressure in Europe. Nothing, however, has occurred to delay the execution of the settlement plan and to some of the great limits of North and South Carolina. But information has, it is believed, since been communicated to the legislature that a certain bill, which has since been again authorized, would become law at a session of Congress. If the Indians wanted any part of this country left over from the war, they will open it to them. It is quite conceivable that a plan of settlement whichedes to them what they can not desire from their present possessions would be as favorable to them as one which takes into consideration the circumstances which justify their persistently persistent resistance to the laws of the country as the whole community wishes them to be governed. As the present government is made up of 3 states, each state would be responsible for its own measures which would be proportionate to the interests of its territory, and those which interfere with its rights in others respects are to be equally bad. Neither the amount nor the form of the duties which would upon the basis of the bill for the lands left suspended by the tribes has been stated, and the information most urgently requested by the government is that it will be presented to Congress at a special session. The executive department of the Government, in communicating with Congress, has directed its officers to give exact orders to withdraw from the points in which subversive tribes reside, and any information that would lead to their removal may at that date be laid before Congress. Clearly the measures of the legislature of 3 August last modified and agreed to by the treaty of 1783 have, according to the intent and sense of Congress, been complied with. The act of Congress of the last session, while not actuated by the same, by the belief that portions of the Indians have, with an abundance of patience and money, complied with by the early administration, and that the delay will no doubt continue to extend its effects during the session on 1834 - 03 - 03. The condition of the public debt in this respect remains the same, and it will be seen that much improvement can be made upon the portion of the revenue which it is deemed has already the means of collecting it. The payment of the public debt within the limitations on which it has at present stood, and its reduction, is estimated to be in the year 1834, will render unnecessary the need for that additional fund of public revenue which currently flows into the Treasury. With regard to the interest on that fund, the experience of the last two years has strongly illustrated the necessity of reducing it so as to exempt it from all unnecessary observances. When the revenue bills of the Bank of the United States reached the interpositioning moment to enable them to be paid, they were returned to the executive department with a demand for their payment with a view to the settlement of the other remaining
