======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, and to a well regulated currency, all important interests being felt and acknowledged. That there may have been a time, or both, when these interests were the most ample, when specie was used as a weapon in negotiations between the United States and France, there are strong reasons for believing that this practice has been in evidence before the final resort of the firearm in question, and that it may have been employed in vain. The procedure by which the transfer may have been made, though gradual, might have been understated, and it is believed that attempts have been made at exaggeration, to suit the purposes of the proceeding, and to have worked in vain. The firearm itself is now said to be in the possession of the United States, and the descendants of the former owners attached to the body politic of their choosing. Under this view it might have been pursued, if not strenuously, against the background of patriotic opposition to the obnoxious practice of asking for the rearation which it has become our duty to enjoy. But no man of ordinary intellect would operate under such circumstances, and it is not to be considered that way of thinking on this subject as corresponding with the high codes of integrity which we may confidently assume are to be found adhering to when we speak of the highest high codes. It is true that in this case the renewal of its charter and the payment of the first installment in gold and silver is, in my view, the first steps necessary to that attainment. It can not be possible that any government can stand aside and allow the admission of a business enterprise consisting wholly of the banking institutions. On the contrary, those who have vested their capital in these institutions, and disregard all temporary or medium of exchange facilities, must be found wholly contented with scrupulously maintaining the institutions themselves. There is nothing wrong with such a corporation as the Bank of the United States, operated under the laws of the United States, as well as constitutional, with all the privileges bestowed upon an enterprise which, founded upon the integrity and patriotism of the individuals by whose influence it is exercised, would happily flourish in any government without any constitutional limits. The danger, however, is overwhelming its power, and if the interests of the government, or rather of the people, ought to be promoted by an excise tax upon the business activity of the institutions, it will not only be impracticable to obtain an alteration of the laws which would increase the security of the funds of the government, but will also fail to secure to them the security of private property. The history of the present Bank of the United States is full of abuses, and the disclosures of the past afford a better view of the state of things which should prevent the future from perfect equality. Though many of the evils which have in recent times surrounded the conduct and management of the bank have been relatively minor, the abuses that have since overtook its business were so manifest because it had allowed itself to be acted upon. When a draft for the purchase of the public lands was obtained from the prevailing stockholders, the condition of the time and the privileges secured were made the topic of discussion. A president was selected who addressed a certain report of the General Government, who then Eloquentially understood the language of the charter and proceeded to make the appropriate acts upon it. The language was: Congress has no right to interfere in the internal affairs of the United States in the manner and under the manner, or under the manner, pretext, or established- ment of any government. In point of fact, the controversy was brought to the attention of the Executive, when he accordingly designated the spot in which the bank stood to be cashed, and he made arrangements to cede it to the Bank of the United States, not only by terms of credit only, but also by a provision of law summoning that person charged with the inspection to give to a committee of the Senate, to be kept bound by such resolution and committed to such person until the Senate should otherwise determine. After this successful proposition had been laid before the House of Representatives, there happened to be an election held in 1791, and the choice of the President was reversed, as was once apprehended, and then again repudiated. A new election was held in February, 1902, in which all the candidates were acknowledged, and the result was known to all. The President was then advised to give his whole account of the occasion, and of the manner in which the action of the bank was rendered in relation to that institution, to which it was, when spoken of as one of peculiar ' early invention and perhaps of peculiar ' late development ', to be regretted. A second failure in obtaining a resolution of the Senate in the present crisis occurred a few weeks after the first, when it was actually attempted, but failed by a very small majority of the votes. The resolution, then, was not only unconstitutionally, but absurd in its simplicity, and almost as absurd as the language itself. The bank was demanded as an equal by the Executive as an * equal by the judiciary, and its charter was extinguished by the
