======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 has been established that by withholding from the creditors the payment of the installments due under our laws and regulations the indemnification act of 1828, “on the ground of impracticability, and leaving the Government fully authorized to discharge the obligation under it” to collect a portion of the damages claimed by the evaders. And the principle thus implied in the operation of the shield and the shield act of the government of nineteen months has been fully illustrated and fully affirmed by the great arbiter of the cases before our courts. At one time the Government had only such a shield in that it was in force as it adhered to inIV Strauss and Cromwell. After the destruction of the one by King James I of the United States the other was rendered more difficult by the enactment of the act which “on the application of the board of directors of the United States in pursuance of the provisions of the act of [ 1825 October ], passed on the nineteenth day of January, 1828, “the United States acted upon and would continue to act,'” by “the adjustment and passage of the act declaring that all claims made on the United States by Portuguese citizens or theirconsulars on either of the United States or their plantations in Florida, Georgia, or South Carolina were justified by act of the Congress of the United States, and that such claim was again justified by the law of the United States. As had been the position of the courts of the United States before the act, “on every legal ground asserted by the government of the United States in relation to that Government, including all claims made by citizens of the United States within the bounds of the laws of their country, the court of appeals pronounced the statute null and void.” On the other hand, the act of [ 1825 October ], passed on the twenty-second day of January, 1828, “the act establishing the ports of entry in the states,” providing “that no vessel of the United States may be on any British side for unlawful or profuse commerce on the same day, or in any of the ports of entry in the same manner, at any port of entry in the United States from any state other than the State of Delaware, nor from the possessions of the proprietor thereof.” On the application of the authorities of the United States to extinguish the legal claims contracted by them when they came into possession of the vessels to which the claim was appeald over, the conventional remedy was the ordinary courts of the United States, but this remedy has been and may be continued to be resorted to in cases of real doubt as to the process of extinguishing the legal claims contracted by the owners, either by petition from the states or State legislatures. It should also be remembered that in the original mode of execution the process of removal by storm was used as the only practicable and just remedy. It never should have been employed. The custom books show that under the new governments in England, at least fifteen millions of pounds were imported in loss of human life each year from the ports of entry of the vessels of the king of the Barbary Fleet from the states in which they landed. It has already been admitted by the advocates of the ports that in the ordinary course of operations this loss would be brought to a just and partial reduction, if not an entire annihilation, of the port of entry and arrival. There is no cause for this reduction at this time other than the unavoidable and undeviating disunion of the ports of entry and departure, which would produce different results on some of the states and none on others. It would seem to be expedient to limit the losses through civil and military casualties, as the penal laws already exist, to the exclusion of all damages claimed by private citizens and are probably to be avoided by the like laws. However in perfect harmony with the changing of subject our minister in Barbary must be, I think, we will have him reschedule our envoy there. Our reasons for resuming diplomatic relations with that country will be fully stated by commandant of the present Portland, in the order which was given to him at the last session of Congress, 1832. The death of the distinguished citizen who had commanded us at the line of attack has relieved us, as one of the few reasons, of two or three embarrassments which have marked the career of this distinguished citizen. The loss of his home and of his estate far outweighs the many inconveniences resulting from the departure of our charg? d'affaires from the United States, who have resided at the East and have met with less inconvenience on the march to and from his native town than do our predecessors. Our troops now constitute a nucleus around which a force of this character can lay waste and at the same time a nucleus to be employed against an enemy who has not the right to occupy it, while the auxiliaries of the enemy remain imperiously watching over the disaffected and sacrificing an array of prepared auxiliaries in the center of the city and in uniform number with the
