======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 But there is no more vital time in our lives. We have all waited it out. We all have paid a heavy price for our long wait. The American people have waited too long. Waitresses, lawyers, doctors, nurses, pharmacists and other servants of the state have all waited too long. Many of our fellow citizens still depend upon welfare checks for income. Just hours ago the Senate voted down a sick tie measure sponsored by Senator Nunn and Senator Mitchell by a vote of 252- 246. The House bill was sponsored by Senator Dole and Senator Orton by a vote of 197-196. Tonight I issue a public statement announcing my decision and announce that the House and Senate bills have been sent to the President. I want to say a word about Social Security. This issue, like all other issues affecting us in this day and age, is far more important to our mind than ever before. And every one of us can relate. It is far more personal to our life. With respect to Social Security, I am persuaded that the only way to guarantee that our economic and social programs will be strong and sound is to withdraw from the market economy what little remains of the former. If we do not renew the magic Social Security system for 30 years, we will find other sources of assistance inadequate. As I said, our purpose in this statement was to withdraw from the market economy something that may be indispensable to renewing the Social Security system. There are two problems, first of all, as the President has repeatedly said, we have to provide the people in the system with something to depend on. And secondly, as a matter of practical necessity, we have to find more sources of assistance. There is Social Security, there is Professional and Industrial Retirement Savings Accounts, there is Carried interest auto loans; there is Health and Human Services records for people who have worked for me and whose last name is not on this statement because they have no dependents and because it is inconvenient for them to keep track of those statistics. There are other things we ought to do as well. The first problem is to establish basic limits on what funds can be used for Social Security. The second thing we ought to do is to establish a simple limits on what funds can be used at once to raise money for Social Security. That is what I have tried to do. I have proposed the people-assistance trust, to cover the cost of the trust, and I have proposed other changes to strengthen the safety of our funds. I have proposed other things. But above all, I want to say to all of you, Mr. Speaker, and to all the people in this chamber, Mr. Vice President, it is my great honor and credit to have the privilege of working in this House with all the solemn commitments I made as an adult, serving as parents, serving as members of the U.N. and the World Bank, as a Senator from Minnesota, as a First Lady, as a member of the Cabinet of the United States, as an elected official, as an independent, as someone who has never been 100 percent 100 percent alone, I am absolutely convinced that we have to have the ability to do these things together. And that must be our mission going forward. My balanced budget plan includes a 1 percent surtax on investment, with no tolerance for the differences in the incomes of those who make and do not make tax money. And my budget plan for 1994- 1995 targets a modest revenue increase of $ 150 billion over the next 10 years. Under my direction, we will double taxation to 20 percent above the dollar value of the security to promote personal responsibility and to guarantee that no taxpayer will be forced into a tax shelter just because of their financial status. That is an immensely important goal and a very difficult proposition to achieve in today's dynamic world. On the one hand, we must be tough to tax corporations and individuals. We must reduce the role of the federal government in tax administration by targeting investments where taxes could be paid and giving the people the power to reduce their taxes without having to pay capital taxes. That strategy will earn a higher return, but it requires more resources and more effort. If we do this, bargain if you will, resist. But if we do nothing but resist, we will lose the freedom, the freedom to choose, to go forward, to make the world a better place. For those who are prepared to make that choice, I say you must depend on it. I hope you will consider it now. My budget plan, by contrast, will aim higher than ever and aim less than ever, keeping modest revenues and raising modest revenues but with very modest revenues. How will you justify these things? I don't know how anybody with good judgment can say. We simply can not raise revenues until taxpayers have spent $ 500 billion to $ $ 650 billion in the last 10 years and then use that to increase the deficit without raising the revenues themselves? That is not right. We can not raise revenues until we have fully explained the problem to them and clearly showed that they would not
