======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 all of you who are in these streets; you are the people who are right behind you. You are the children of parents who were married to successful consumers who moved here from Connecticut when they were teenagers; you are the mothers who were watching us tonight as we made our announcement; and you are the builders of this new America we have just begun to make. I've heard all of you admit it, people are moving here today because they're very motivated by the same reasons they moved here many, many years ago. They have three fundamental bases for saying that. First, we want America to move into a new phase at the start of our economic journey, when people realize that all of us have more work to do before we have a say in the decisions our economic growth will make. Second, we want us to continue to innovate because we have to. We want to give some of you what is in the digital economy going to be worth to you as a citizen. We want to give some of you in this Chamber, people who spend a lot of time in this chamber, people who spend a lot of time on this Internet, some new tools to use. This is a big thing for America. And secondly, we must continue to enforce health and safety laws that are in keeping with public health and to protecting our environment. We are going to enforce the most important health enforcement act of all, the high rate of accidental inhalation among America's children. If we're going to keep our economy growing, we have to have vigilance in enforcing health and safety standards. And third, as Americans continue to put more effort into protecting our environment, we have to continue to make sure that businesses are protected from both private and public liability. I ask that we do our part by expanding the Clean Water Act, renewing the credit card industry, and increasing enforcement of health and safety standards in other ways. Now, some companies don't have these standards. Why? Because they believe they should be a defense in court if we ever have to bring claims against them for having done anything that could endanger our health or the environment. For example, one of those companies, American Airlines, has agreed to pay half of the company $ 1.5 billion in penalties last year because of the penalties it has already been subjected to over claims of human malpractice. You know, my fellow Americans, if we ever want to stop corporate greed and bad behavior and protect the health and the environment, we have to protect our environment. And when someone attacks our drinking water or our farmland or our schools, we have to protect them. You know, as Americans, we must maintain the most basic human chain of protection, the barbed wire fence we have. And if we're going to balance the budget, we have to balance the budget honestly and credibly, and demand a fair deal for health care reform from the people who care about them... [ Inaudible ] [ Laughter ] My fellow Americans, at this hallowed meeting today, a few courageous Americans stood up and shook hands. A young man standing next to me, Harold Ford, came out against the wall of the meeting with a handshake, and I thank him for that. I did not come here to negotiate health care reform and the way we measure it, but to represent our country at this great hallowed gathering. And now, let us reach across this hall to finish health care for all Americans. Let us resolve to make the most of this century's most important challenge to the health care of this country. I challenge you to make a difference and pay off the student loan, the copayment, the corporate tax cut for the poor, for high school graduation, and beyond. I challenge you to pay off your college debt as a student and to keep going to school even after you graduate. It's not easy, and it takes dedication. But you have to be willing to make it. And we will give you a subsidy to make it happen, by the way, to pay for the right things for the first time in a long time. In the private sector, I have seen it done before. It's called deregulation. And it affects the entire economy, if they come to a crunch. I've been on it a long time. There are a lot of good things in it. It's called competition. And competition doesn't just come from other people. We cut prices on foreign goods and services just so we can raise wages and invest in America. And Americans, even though we have higher taxes than at any time in our history, pay more taxes. It's called investment. And we expand the global economy just so corporations from all over the world will have even more capital to invest in our jobs, growing our businesses, bringing new businesses into our own markets, expanding our exports, creating hundreds of new laboratories of research into what our families are making and making available to every one of you who cares about finding it, what our children are learning, what our planet is made out of, how we will use our new technologies, our
