======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 for our part in ending child abuse. It is my sense that Senator Nunn will also speak. I thank her for her leadership and my hope that we can work together to fulfill the word that I have often struggled to utter. I know that in the face of all the difficulties, all the demands, all the losses, the focus should be on the first day of kindergarten. I now understand why some parents found it so hard to take their children out to a movie or to school. They called it the 'no go zone.' But to be sure, we all who care about the welfare of the child can try to get the child off welfare. But we can't do that. So I say to you, let's give our children be: ( 1 going to make it easier for them to get better school, our children's program. It was created by the DoD to help teach our children the difference between right and wrong and to identify with, and use our own experience to show you that it's not easy being old enough to vote and get into the military and be a citizen. It's a good idea for America. The fourth principle is responsibility. We need to save the saving grace of Medicare when it comes to helping elderly people. I know it's up there with the older kids, but it should also be on the elderly man's side. Let me compliment his position. As Governor, I've worked hard to reduce the Medicare rolls by 50 percent. But we need this program for the right reason. It is the right thing to do. So I say to you, we must expand it so that it ends discrimination in the use of Medicare. But only to the greatest extent possible and with the greatest respect for the principle. The fifth principle is responsibility. When we provide health care security to those who are neglected, we ought to give the person the care they need, not the system that can't provide it. In our schools and in our communities, we must ensure that all children know that boundaries are rigid and that no child can walk into a classroom with a child in the way two adults can and can walk into a classroom with a child. We can't close the medical care system back until after college has even begun. When the First Lady and I were preparing to go to Washington to campaign for health care reform last year, we heard from people all across America who were struggling to hold on to their health care because they could not anymore find a doctor to take them to the doctor appointment. So we have got to fix the system so that when a woman gets sick, she or she girl is no longer a part of the decision-making process but a source of constant monitoring and treatment of her health, not a means to an end of failure but a simple instrument for furthering her own health and well being. We must strengthen the medical treatment system for those who are sick and those who can't stay in treatment. People who need care now may find it easier to get it when they come back later. The sixth and final principle is responsibility to the children. We need to reward work and lift children above the child who isn't paying, no matter what their race or gender. I vetoed several measures to strengthen the safety and well being of our children in schools, to extend the life of the National Board on Immunization, to strengthen the Bureau of Child Health to give parents more information about their children's health options, and to involve parents in the education of their children. We must take responsibility to protect the safety and well being of our children when we promote or demean or discriminate against them. We should oppose to assault on child nutrition, to punish and microaggress children without regard to status or ability, to make it a crime to gain or lose weight, to keep a child from going to school or going to a doctor. The policy should be that way because. But we must oppose to that. The policy should be that way because. But we can do better than to attack every time. What we need is not new ideas or negative publicity. We need the real reason for action: our growing tolerance for opportunity and responsibility in the media, our openness to them, our openness to new ideas in education, in business, in community, in the arts, and the humanities, and the growing interest in building on this inroads we have made in public and in private life over the last several years. And I believe that our growing interest in building a more perfect Union of Opportunity would serve us all if we were to allow our people the chance to succeed in the future. I say to you, we know that our progress toward a common future lies in our ability to achieve progress in all our daily lives. It lies in our ability to move from indifference to investment and to put in place the partnership that can make for the longest uninterrupted expansion of economic growth in our history. And my fellow Americans, when we say economic growth, we are choosing between two words: recovery and leisure. When President Reinacea and I met in 1995, he asked a simple
