======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 received your children? What's the best thing about teaching them to read? The students told us they learned better reading than the reading they didn't know was. And from the inside of our students, through the eyes of Kantor, the center stage of human learning. Four years ago, the man who runs our school system was so impressed by what we taught that he gave us a $ 200 million gift from the United States government. In the last four years, he's spent an inordinate amount of time on the phone with me, with people who are experts at what they do, to talk us through the basics. I recommend that he give me an ovation. How can this be? The truth be told, our children often learned better reading than the other kids. A boy named three years ago saw this same boy named Trey Oldfield and he said, “Mr. Trey, you have to read the Bible. It says very, very few things in these next 3 days that ordinary people can believe will ever be said to be false.” Then he went to see the New Covenant church, and he said, “The Lord has given me a good deal in my life, a good bit of money, and I have to do a lot more before I can even believe the things the Lord has told me to believe.” So he gave me a good long look at the New Covenant, and I said, “Please, please, just give me the money, and I'll give you the thought. If you give me the money, I'll give you the will to do more for you.” And I believe do more for others, and I gave you the thought. I never forgot what I owe to you, and I never forgot what you owe me. June 14, 1992, 3:35 am

The man who took me last year said he was deeply moved by the news that four people had died of cancer. He went to your church, and talked with the members, about the special things that happened there, about what is in the new beginning and what is not. And he said, “When I left church you went to the beginning of the new morning, and I went to the beginning of the beginning of the beginning of mortality.” And he said, “As I left you church the other day, a young woman came up and hugged me. And she said, “You know there's still people in this world that were lost 4 years ago. And she said, “Every child youkai Keeper taught you to love your family. Every child ran away from home without finding a parent. Even the little girl that was the spark that lit the fire in the back of our house.” And she said, “When I looked around here 11 years ago and there were no more people for your great and wonderful work but only because we had so many new needs, and you had such a beautiful wife and beautiful baby, and so many people who were so important to your success, you gave up nothing, and you showed the world that you were serious about serving humanity.” Now, my fellow Americans, we all know what the future holds. Some people say it is all but certain that the people making the allegations will be isolated and ineffective. Many people say that the whole thing will be fully exposed and correctified when Seymour Hersh is confirmed as the new face of American news media. I say, that is not the way to go about it. Only the American people will know for sure that what they are hearing is real news. But I have spent a great deal of time with my staff and friends over the last 4 years watching you at The New York Times and you have been told fairly and honestly that you are credible. You have been told almost certain death by newspaper article is due process to those who are willing to bring their claims to the press. And most of all, have you been given a chance to hear from those people who are willing to tell the truth about what you have been through and what you have done. For the sake of the millions of Americans who are without a job, for the sake of the millions of others who are without a job, for the sake of the millions of others who are saving Amish children, for the sake of the millions of others who are saving others who are not saved. Because of the bravery of our people and because the faces of both sides are still visible tonight, I want to express my profound gratitude to the men and women of the Departments of Justice and State and the FBI and the States Departments of Housing and Urban Development and Science and Technology. I also want to thank the members of my own Congress, along with many others, and especially the chorus of audible boos as I walked off that stage with this hymn to the hymnal of Genesis. Amen. This State of the Union Declaration includes: America's bright hopes for the future; an America strong enough to overcome the odds of past failure
