======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the way of a more comprehensive strategy to promote democracy and to fight racism and the violence that keeps on returning. This past weekend, a man named Martin Luther King, Jr. was murdered on a New Jersey street by his 19-year-old stepfather. He was a man who defied the very laws of the land by helping to build his community and helping others to succeed. Now, the police are on the street, doing their jobs. Today, they are not conducting beatings or killing people simply for being young, gay men. The crime bill must also demand that they be enforced vigorously and that the courts follow their own lead. The only way to achieve that is to have the courage of our convictions. I want everyone who's participated since to say to me, “Even more than you will be here tonight, my fellow Americans, it is a journey that begins with courage.” So I say to you, today, I ask you to lead. Thank you. Thank you, and God bless you Mrs. Gore. Thank you, and God bless you. Senator Dick Durbin: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I begin by thanking your Member of Congress and the Senators who have already given a statement of their own. I believe we should have a bipartisan police reform commission to help reform our police departments and to give the American people the information they need to see the people who need the information to stay away from evil. Let me say, I believe we should amend the criminal justice statute to say that if you're a violent person who's committing the most serious crimes, you ought to be given a chance to serve your community. To that end, in the crime bill, I propose a new crime and punishment structure, called “prepare prepared statements of self defense.'” I want to challenge criminal justice reform advocates to meet this challenge. As I said, I want to challenge prosecutors and courts to recognize, “That is the only way to stop a crime.” You know, the American people want to change their criminal justice system but the system doesn't work. People commit crimes to live, to work, parents, kids, and adults. When I took office, the system worked well, but it was incomplete.” There was, however, one important provision in my crime bill that I should have made very clear, “If an attorney who represents a victim can demonstrate a desire on the part of the victim to get the criminal justice system going, “the attorney can be relied upon to prove an active participation in the commission of the organized crime crime or organized gang act.” I want prosecutors and judges to hold victims to that standard, but they shouldn't. So with this crime bill I propose, “The prosecutor can be a real and active participant in any organized crime group or in any organized gang act.” And the courts will follow their precedents. In the meantime, the police will protect the communities they protect and they have the authority to hire better trained, more qualified police officers. There will be fewer police agencies in cities that didn't have the violent crime epidemic at its best, in places that had crime and drug problems but had lots of crime. The communities that you have in this room will be stronger. This crime bill also includes a crime and discipline reform initiative that I believe has an overwhelming bipartisan support. I ask that you support it. I am hopeful that you and the Congress will finally pass the Brady bill. That's why I propose to work with Congress and the American people to extend the Brady bill to cover more states. That should happen. I am very happy to see that two people who worked on this issue in my administration are the American Civil Liberties Union and the National Council to End Violent Crimes Act Torts. And I thank them for their work. I do think we should strengthen the Brady law, but I think we should do it together. I also think we should insist on the First Amendment protection of individual rights. But let me ask you this. I believe we can all respect one another for our differences, but don't we deserve an equal and free forum to express our views and values? And what should we do about it? For a long time, if people believed in a strong individual right to freedom of speech, it seemed we could disagree on things. And then, in 1993, a couple of days before the Olympics, there was this guy named Bob Hope. He was a teenager in Wyoming. He was a good student. He was a decent preacher. [ Laughter ] In 1992, Bob Hope came to America with a message: “Without change, there is no America. No America!” And he and his friends found refuge in the homes of young African-Americans and Native Americans. And they brought peace and prosperity to their communities forever changing the face of this land. And the spark of their community was the spark of a new generation of American teachers. They became the schoolchildren of South Africa and
