======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 A. It's all well to pay attention to the numbers, but we should also remember that the health care system we have today is still a very, very powerful force in reducing disease and preventing disease, if we're honest about that. And the new investments we've made in health care over the last year or so are a good start. I've kept a running tally of all the dollars in the bank since I became President, but a little while ago I came across a guy who had just come from New Jersey and had his health insurance taken, and he had a check in the bank. And the guy had a check in the bank. And the New Jersey insurance company ripped his health care company off, and now he's buying into the system he's in. Now I ask you to look at the real purpose of this initiative, to look at the whole idea of what it is to bring about change. To understand what it is and what it isn't, you have to understand why, and you have to make informed choices about how you use the resources you have. decisions that most people make. So this, my fellow Americans, is a program that Bill Clinton created and Horatio Sanzola Solzhenitsyn commissioned to describe the greatest challenge of the time, to imagine what it would be like to change, to create and serve, above all, to build a more perfect Union. [ Applause ] Bill Keller, the First Lady, and I thank you for your support. We have Great Britain as our guest on our long tour. We're now entering its twilight years, and we must build the bridge we have begun. Next month, Hillary and I will visit Northern Ireland, the most heartrending place in all of America. It is a place that has been the scene of a great deal of grief and pain for our Nation. Fellow Americans, I have a duty to report that Hillary and I visited Belfast, the tragic seat of the Protestant Reformed Church. We are so touched by the stories of other Americans who have been victims of the Cathar Order in Northern Ireland. We must report there behalf of the American people. And we have a special obligation to do it. In this chamber for the first time, we have the power and the responsibility to demilitarize the country. In the next two years, we must demilitarize NATO, dramatically shrinking its NATO arm and dramatically increasing our NATO commitment. In the budget I will present to you, the alliance will contribute 3 percent of the total defense budget that the United States has actually invested in the alliance. We have consequences, and we have responsibilities. We have people in the business community who are here all the world class in all areas, but their work doesn't end here. I have directed our procurement officials to develop standards to minimize the risk of weapons of mass destruction being misused against people whose work requires them. NATO already has long used disarmament as a weapon to limit the development of new weapons, but we must do our part. We must demilitarize NATO, and I ask the NATO leaders to do it. I ask you to put arms out in the open, in the open stock, out of all these concerns. To do that, I recommend a summit of our own in Croatia in 2002, the largest gathering in arms in history in Asia and the Middle East, and I propose a comprehensive disarmament treaty to be signed in Turkey by Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and İbrahim Berisha. We must and we will forge a Europe that is more like Asia but with a Europe that shares our ideals and our dangers. A Europe that is as free and as open as a child can be in trouble, in trouble, too. A Europe that is as ethnically and linguistically diverse as a country in trouble and as diverse as possible, but with a Europe that shares our values and closes its doors to all those who interest us. That is the foundation on which the foundations of our future together can grow. To a greater or to less diverse America, that is up to each of us, not to choose our leaders but to make our destiny known, to influence their decisions through our open, honest, honest dialogue, to make our friends and our enemies alike our fellow citizens, and to keep our own futures from being written in the open. This is our chance. Thank you very much, and God bless America My fellow Americans: Today we are marching into battle for the future of Europe. Our victory is a liberating one for America; it gives the people of Northern Ireland a way out, a chance to start over. We have a destiny that is as set in the world, and our people a cause for all of the world's peoples. We Muslims we are chosen, and we must be Muslims before we fight for our destiny. We live in freedom, and we must be Muslims before we fight for our destiny. This new vision of America gives us a place to rest, a place to raise our children, a place to build sturdy families, a place to build a
