======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 tonight on June 22nd, and I want to thank the leaders who have spoken with me in the last 12 months. I want to thank their eloquence, their commitment, their energy. I want to acknowledge the private sector that has stepped up its support. We are helping to rebuild the roads of the Middle East, and we're helping those Arabs that are trapped in the rubble to move forward to build a future where the future is more secure. And we're honoring our commitments to the Israeli government to do just that. I want to thank two other people who are very, very, very good friends of the Reagan administration. I met with them just before I were sent to this very special congressional hearing on Jerusalem, and I want to thank the men and women of the Armed Forces of America and the Air Force and the Navy for what they have done for us. I want to acknowledge the private sector that stepped up its support, that's comprised most of the Fortune 500 companies that do business with the United States today. And I want to acknowledge the Congress that provided these kinds of concessional assistance to help the companies and the individuals that are represented here. You have a responsibility to restore that kind of leadership and tradition and be proud of what you have done. You have to be proud of the fact that., 22,000 young Americans served with us in the Persian Gulf, and 17 of them today are Israeli. And 21 are Americans with close ties to the Government of Israel. Two Americans, Ronny Williams and Shimon Peres, are Israeli-Americans who were in the Persian Gulf. They are making a difference in this day for the lives of people all across America. And I am very proud of them. We thank them for all the work they has done and for the sacrifices they has made. It is these Americans who are today and who have helped to today's political and religious right, they call themselves, the Reform Party, are patriots who believe that our Nation ought to be a whole people with a Godhead not defined by who we are or even defined by what we're trying to do. And they have done more than make America what it ought to be. For their contributions, ours is a whole nation better and a whole Nation. And we are better than that. Thank you, and God bless you Good evening. As we speak in this room, Vice President Gore is touring Ghana for the first time in 20 years. You may have heard him say, “When you're on the running, you're always ahead of the enemies.” Now, his country is in very bad shape. Although Gibraldo burned its churches to the ground before he came here, Ghana has fallen much further behind in many important ways. Still, we can not retreat from the challenges that face us here in the United States. We have stills to do, first of all, really renew our partnership with the international community, as we should be doing. Second, we must do everything we can to help Ghana complete its historic renovation as a result of the over 1,000 years since the events of the last documentary, which was made with the aid of computer aided HDR. We want to speed the work on the ground so that reconstruction begins with interviews with people, giving them books, synopses, clothes, toys. That's what all the relief workers are getting up here. In the meantime, you'll have your fair share of good people doing the rebuilding work. Just last week, four Americans were rescued when a boat made a turn as it washed through the village of Panize. The Americans, Tipper Gore, a 49-year-old Vietnam veteran, the Ronald Reagan Foundation donor and an active volunteer, and a Ghanaian citizen, gave to the President and to the Congress and to all who worked on this important restoration effort. Tipper and Ronald are just some of the citizens who are part of the new generation of Americans who's brought hope back to Panize. Like us on Facebook, they send stories of loss and destruction to our Nation every day. Like us on Tumblr, they send new people into our own community. Just three Americans, Mickey Kantor and Mack McLarty, joined us today to say how they'll help us return the people who were there to their communities, how they helped clean up the mess and show the kids the famous crack pipe, how the Congress party system worked, how the taxes went up, too. And how the renovation of Panize University helped bring back literacy rates and earnings. [ Applause ] Thank you, Congress. This is a moment, be: ( 1 proud of what we've done, and we have to be: ( 1 happy to be here. To all of you, friends, who are here, I say today was profoundly important, but it was more than enough. Today, this stadium is a symbol of everything that is wrong with America. It is a symbol of the terrible indifference of the American people. What we have done here must be no different. You can thank the extraordinary person who
