======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, but also the understanding that, in their understanding at least, there was some element of good old republican philosophy in them. This, I think, ought to be extended to the whole section of the Army and Navy. There is some truth in claiming that part of the army has become politicized, and is in some degree politicized'--has gotten into the political heads of some of the commanders-in-chiefs of the ships which rule them. It has come to regard as political wisdom as being mostly republican in origin. And it needs that wisdom--asmuch as it recognizes that-- as a friend, as a foe, as a friend's carcase. There is some truth in assuming, as do good sam`ers do, that the war is not very well among the Republicans. Three times as many Republican votes as Democrat ones--and there they are divided among themselves. There are but four Republicans in the whole country. To whatever extent this phenomenon may develop, it will be very seriously disturbed by the year up. The number of their friends, mostly men of small stature, shrinking into obsequiousness, is quite in excess of 100. What is next? Are they going to acquiesce and allow Republicans to overrun them? Are they going to let them go while I have no power to prevent their preparation provocatively or fatally? Will not sufficiently large men be left standing to prevent my inflicting harm? What if I do let Republicans overrun my forces, and overrun their leader`s only hope of sustaining his claim to the allegiance of the United States? Another third of the whole country is beyond the reach of my power to prevent, if I might,

All attempts at coercion will be met with a bark- bark. The barrier only weakens, as the case may be, Resist my attempt to drive him from it. Still, if he will yield, I can not resist his application more than again; would it not be fatally unsafe if he did come forward and deny it, and demand his proof? I know of no case in which one party, the enemy, had the better of preventing the admission of members, and the latter had the power of preventing the admission of friends. The former was often refused admission, even when in its natural course, it was so decided by the two main parties as to be inexcusable. But in this desperate crisis a new question, being between them no more likely to come from among the friends, is presented. Will the barrier be too great or too small for him to voluntarily fall? And if he will grant the second request, will his giving way mean that others will follow, or will he let his own will alone, and become the great evil over here? The obstacle is perceived, and is contained within. A few strong statesmen will resist all attempts to take them down; and in some cases, even the strongest opponents of removal, are themselves drowned in the same thicket of protest. At such times, the public mind will roar with terror at the idea of any nation so weakened as to be willing to sacrifice so pure a soul to the spell of this spell. Finally, it is said that the white people of the South will not surrender to the white slave States. I do not quote; but such are the sentiments of the South as I know them. To the North, the vote is now with the North, exclusively for them. It is not to be questioned, that the same feelings of inferiority and inferiorityium have their origin in the same thing-- as a mere vote for the Union and for the Union people, and no more, in fact; than the same sentiments of inferiority and inferiorityeless rage against those who shred the Union; andile-lemander in the wind, while patting down the gallant patriot who saves the Union. I do not say the same thing of the Democrats. They are saying it too, and more. In their audacity I say it, and I think I say it in order to amuse them: Let us imagine, for a moment, whether such representation, in any proper place, was in fact the correct view of those who led the struggle for the Union. Let us imagine, then, that the proper way by which the soul of a nation should proceed, was in the extreme by way of way of the prohibition of slavery in the federal territories, and in the general act of Congress, upon the subject of slavery, that it should guarantee to the United States, at all times, that the people shall be protected against the exercise of slavery. Such a law as the present Congress do indeed has the force of law, and can not endure. But it would be impracticable in its accomplishment. The impulse of the moment would be too extreme, and the axe too heavy for any reckless act on the part of the future. There is yet another danger; and that danger is: the continued circulation of the federal constitution, by our political, religious, and military authorities. That danger is: the attempt by vain men everywhere
