======== SAMPLE 1 ========
s of the whole army. At such a time it is of vital importance that all the important posts and detachments which may be needed for convoy and service, should be secured and maintained in good condition. I have directed attention to all the posts and detachments presented in the request, and have by the same means continually appealed to in recent occasions for news of your design to make these indispensable posts. Finally, I have directed the Chief to cause all the important stations and detachments assigned to them to be displayed in presentation of the cause of their assignation on the map. It is thought expedient that the message should be communicated at the earliest moment so as not to interrupt regular business altogether. In the year 1861 more than 700,000 people, from all classes and all periods of life, have been displaced by the civil war. Much of this has been caused by the insurgent movements, and consequently important posts and forces have been established and maintained in some of them. Posterity requires that our arms should border on those of liberated countries, and that we should provide for the miscellaneous needs of the people wherever we may be. As the war increases the more urgent the necessity for our people to be furnished with arms and ammunition equal that required for giving a successful invasion demands your attention. Armies which have been organized under the act of Congress at Chicago and carried into execution at San Antonio have, on some accounts, declined the loading of captured arms and ammunition into Port-a-Rodríguez. Armies which have been organized in several ports across the Rio Grande and in Texas and Mexico north of the Rio Grande have received from among them arms and ammunition sufficient for about 6,000 hard pressed and exhausted men and highly skilled armed combatants, and almost certainly equipy for good time with arms and ammunition sufficient for tens and sure to keep out of the country for a time of war. Armies which have been organized in several new places and which in some ways resemble the present Armies Commanding General Sherman's report in Forts Pickens and Sherman's ability to anticipate confusion at sea dictates that his force may be sufficient to atone for unavoidable mishaps and allow us, with all our might, to defeat the hostile menace which at first glance might seem insurmountable. Your attention is not prevented, therefore I recommend to the necessary subjects the following measures: 1. Be it further ordered that all posts and detachments located within the lines of the insurrectional forces in Texas and Louisiana, including the regiments of the Regular Army and the 14,079 of the Guard commanded by the wayward General Yates, shall be unconditionally surrendered. This act also further orders the regiments to be surrendered to begin hostilities against the remaining sections of the Army, except those which of necessity would at once be for the reclaim of the country presented. 2. Fully recognize and surrender the forces of the Government and of the Republic organized and yet unidentified before this Congress. Some officers now under arrest for insurrectionary purposes undoubtedly would not dare to claim the eminence of commanders in arms, but nevertheless Commanding General Sheridan has commanded the entire Army and Navy since his successful assault upon the insurgent position in the surrender of the armistice of September 18. While he was here he decisively occupied the main body of the insurgent position, while that of General Ross has been unwisely left open for hostile action. With him, and without him, the victory at Antietam would not be possible. As to Major General Scott he has done justice to himself by allowing Major General Sherman to overrun the Government position at Antietam without delay of three or four days, and then by order of a vote of the whole Army, without charges or hindrances notwithstanding. Major General Scott, however, goes back a step, certainly a mighty one, in restoring order to the Army. He dojoed at Arvisteren, near Riga, and soon after our last treaty of friendship he was back in Finland, and Finland was again our dependent expatriate country. By both he and we he had worked hard at making the South of Finland into a transit country, and he had again feverishly worked at establishing a continuous supply route through the country. By his services the Government had during the Revolution failed to provide. It was then, that Major General Scott decided to take an active part in restoring order in the country. Having thus restored order and order to the insurrectionary phase, at once opening new ports, laying new arms against the Government, had in every way been a vital and a visible part of that assault upon the Government. Now, having thus restored order and order, how can we but be dissatisfied with him? In giving order to that assault upon the Government, he had in mind a purely military point of attack. He expected no disrespect or wrong in any of the belligerents or in any of their warlike signs before he struck. He had no right to expect anyught from the American people at his last session, if, in fact, he has never done any thing now that he did
