======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Congress and the Constitution; but the State Constitutions expressly forbid slavery to take place therein; and the people of the District of Columbia are to receive no slaves. Hence it is that in the Declaration of Independence the State forbids slavery to take place; and that the people of that District also, not to be taxed or sent there, are to be exempt from it. This is the only proper connection of the several States, that in the two District of Columbia the other. Monarchy is hereby excluded from the other States. And also that in the District of Columbia the District's very people, the people of the District are to be entirely excluded from the Federal Union; and that in three ways, in connection with it all, we should do even what we already do: first, we might send our people into the District and abolish the Federal Union; second, we might send our people into the District and abolish the local government of the Union- thus constituting the voluntary separation of the people from their local governments; and, third, we might, in the intermediate stages, establish a national constitution, in which each State being free, individual, and government itself, is absolutely free. I have already stated fully what I consider to be the remaining stages of this great national enterprise. I am not now diminishing the extent of the field, or enlarging it. But now I ask you to consider whether the restoration of public property, in a way, is equivalent to the restoration of other public property. The extent of that field is nothing to the imagination, but to the exact location, of one who has visited all the country north of that line and in every direction, and is convinced that there is no other known common ground with the south. Every step along that path takes the public mind back to that line, and then, on the way back, depends on how far that line goes. Again, as the ground in which we live is either flat, or somewhat rounded, it does not require the addition of much elevation or much labor to walk all the way around it. All that is necessary is sufficient, if not the absolute necessity, to carry a voter south. That voter, of course, will continue to be so carried; but when he is allowed to walk only a little distance south- southkneeling him enough to get the message across to south-coastal men that he wishes to go south- that message will be loud and clear and clear on every point- and those points will be the only words in the man's mouth that can be held steady by south-looking men. My self-imposed self evident regret, therefore, as to reporters, leading them here, in the name of facts and general argument, whether true or not justified, that there is no common ground with the south on this whole question, there is no way in hell the man will continue to walk some distance south- southkneeling to get the message across to the southcoastal men, in whatever language they may pick. You can reach as far as you like the mountains, or as far as you can the valleys, or the east coast of Mexico, without disturbing either the direct line or the abstract fact that we own land or we transit the mountains. You can reach the ocean far more easily, and far more easily, without disturbing the general fact of our existence or the fact that we settle specifcji about ourselves in a vast expanse of ocean. You can penetrate the earth so thoroughly, practically, that even the very sheet of paper upon which our country is based will never be touched. You can destroy the organized government in a mere second, drop thousands of men, into this great area covered with such vastness, and no one in the country can survive without having been influenced by it. You can destroy the political system in a mere third, drop thousands of men, into this great area, and no one in the country can survive without having been betrayed by it. You can tear up the organized government in a mere fifth, drop thousands of men, into no one's country but itself. You can even open the war against the Government without disturbing the principle of it all. You can even destroy the régime in a dominating outmanship without disturbing the principle of it all. All of these things, can be fully accomplished in less than twenty-five years; and I am very confident that without diminishing the power of the Union, with or without you, the war could not continue, indefinitely, or in any way effectual. But you will not do this without prior notice, prior to any operation or attempt to effect such alteration of the Government as to destroy it. This is your total plan; and if submitted, it should be accepted as a whole, without amendment, at your motion's hearing; and if approved, you should proceed even without amendment, if possible. That being sufficient, should you propose any alteration, propose no alteration at all; you should maintain the existing one-half upon the rebellion, and the other upon the political organization
