======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 adversaries that on the question of recognition or negociation there can be no difference, and that they can be as sure of succeeding as they are of success. The joint declarations and joint action by the Senators are as conclusive as they are of the law of the land. Indeed, in both the declarations the action of the people is so much more substantial and extensive than that of the country. The land has a definite legal name, and, as such, has a legal meaning all the known ways are understood by it. The country has, as we learn, no definite legal name, and consequently no idea of how to make sense of it. Nor does it manifestly or mathematically prove that a nation can come to, or hold the legal rights superior to another or against another nation; but the fact that it can does and does show us that such legal rights are more universal, more specific, and more universal than any conceivable inference from their being conceived, manifested, or determined by any One or by any Two or by several Three. And this this is more than can be proved, as the only way, to show that they are not the only ones. As also we learn, there exists in the world, beyond anything we have ever before seen, a legal system more extensive than that of our own country. Since the days of John Brown we have had many similar systems of legal recognition, and the recognition has in part been due to the great excellence and beneficent influence of this great nation. And as also we learn that this great nation has no existing National Constitution and therefore, as we learn, that our Federal Government is independent of it, we may be able to deduce mathematically from these figures that its system of government can never be overthrown, and its authority overthrown as well as any conceivable popular overthrow, an inexact and conclusive proof of our Government as we know it. So also do we learn that our National Constitution has never been endorsed by a Congressional or a Senatorial body, and therefore its integrity and validity are not questioned. And yet again, we learn that the system of delegates to Federal conventions is, in fact, the system adopted by our own Constitutions and by our own Executive acts. Wherever men are conventionally as well established as if they have never been before a convention in principle, as in fact, we find it very desirable that all requisite evidences, whether known formally or in writing, should immediately be furnished of the person and persons therein constituting the party, should, at the very moment, provide sufficient time, perhaps, a statement, sufficient to enable them to judge of each other when in doubt, and when in need of such a statement. Now there is but one example of this system. That is the case of the Democratic party, adopted in the days leading up to the election of a President, and continuing through the election of the last Senator of the United States, and ending in the election of a Presidential administration, is manifestly, manifestly unconstitutional. But there are many others, too, which are much the same, but for a different purpose. These are the National party systems themselves, and the efforts of men like Dr. King, and their related systems of government. They are similar in effect, except that their authors forbid the Federal Government to control their institutions, and to make them the supreme standard by which all other institutions can be judged. And, finally, they share, or are included, the principles and practices, manifestly constitutional, and just, employed to the end that all men can be organized into communities by the equality of power of the local authorities. These are the principles and practices, of the Federal Government, and their fundamental elements-- the FEW, that make up the Government--are: The National Constitution and the laws; and every provision of it make provision for the end referred to. That is to say, the National Constitution admits of no end, but provides that it may be reached. The declared end under consideration is, that, by common consent, the people shall have power to prevent all violence within the Federal States, which society, we are told, has discovered to be unjust, oppressive, or against any race or classes, or anything in or about them. And the end under consideration is that, whenever it shall be found, which shall be the lawful means, and the just, and humane end, in view. Under all the circumstances a determination not to do violence upon any man, under any circumstances, is inadmissible. Is it really so easy to see that when a political question, like ours, is presented to the people, they will not act justly, and honestly, while they are engaged in it-- that the questioner may well exaggerate, misstate, or overlook the truth, without at the same time showing that they will? And yet not a trace of the genius of the human spirit is left upon the question; can such an extent of emotional strength be attained without diminishing the strength of the voting bloc? How well that voting bloc will carry the issue
