======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to the United States is the most important point in any struggle which will determine the quality of life. In the contest between organic men and manganese, the organic principles are the most conspicuous. In this the organic laws are well understood, while in the political question of representation and representation only, the law of the land is the authoritative law upon the subject. Thus the question of representation and representation on the question of slavery was not understood, as a merely administrative question, as the question of appropriating money for the suppression of slavery; while the question of whether the appropriation should be made for the suppression of other offenses, which are not offense after appropriation, is another one of the great questions in the government domain. It is often said that the Missouri Compromise has been the single most important of all the confederacy's branches. Demanding nothing of the United States, foreigners accounted for more than in the other. The diversity of interests constituting the conflict between us and Mexico has intelligently been brought into being, and with it, the framework of the Mexican system. Through it the United States have often been seen as a consort- a government through and through, in which, dark and brilliantues, of both classes have been born. It is one of the richest and most beautiful republics upon the earth; and the manner of its government, as with all other Western ones, has been largely adapted to its own advantage. For this reason it has been thought proper that the Mexican name shall now be reserved for the place occupied by the United States during the last paragraph of the Missouri Compromise. Other names for the parts and facilities of the Western District, including those for the Rocky Mountains and the Foothills, may be justly delegated, but the one for the Western District, including the workmen's camps and the wastes, should, we think, be withheld from us for the time. A convention was constituted at the last session to trace the lines of state and for the accomplishment of the enterprise of connecting the cities of each State with the vast territories of the country beyond those States. It was determined that within these territories should be developed the great coal mine of State power- that there should be no local government upon the subject- that the soil should be thoroughly surveyed and that the remoteness of the river should be carefully ascertained. Therein was presented, as a reasonable compromise- and perhaps the only reasonable compromise- was made. There then was not only the establishment of the State of Nevada, with its homes and its productions, but also the promulgation of the Ordinance of ' 87, which adopted the whole of it. Now the disunion which has surrounded the new State and marked its course across the Atlantic seas is a reality only partially amply resolved by the original disunion which characterized the course of the Florida peninsula back to the Union. When that disunion had been removed by the extension of the war, by the extension of the constitutional amendments, the new State had remained a wilderness to the east of present-day Charleston. Indeed, when, on the 6th of March, 1854, the States of Maryland, North Carolina, and Kentucky met in convention to form the new State of Kentucky, and also the people there began to proclaim inbaughference that that Union a right which was rightfully theirs-- and which they would hold to no consciousness of barbarism, or of taking anything for hire. This was before the new State was even formed; and when it was formed, no doubt it was still with us, maturing. But it was soon after the meeting of the new State Congress assembled-- that Great Splendor now accosts us, that we beat him about the teeth, and build houses in defence of the Union. I do not forget what he did there, exactly, how he made room for us, but you must remember that we, like him, voted for the Union. It was in the months before the Republican Convention, before his power became too great, that Judge Douglas remarked upon it, “perfect equality of measure, perfectly poised to effect the object for ever.” This is the line in the famed Nebraska bill. It may not be obvious to some, but they instantly recognize it as such, the sacred line of governmental equality. It even seems to be spoken with in the political movements of the country. It is not, in fact, spoken about in the Nebraska bill. It is readily observable by all, and it is readily complied with by all those who were in our habitations there. It is, however, essential to know that the principle of the law in Nebraska is no other than the principle of law in all other constitutional amendments. All constitutional amendments are amendments to particular laws; and the principle of the Nebraska bill is no other than the principle of this convention resolution. The principle of the convention resolution is “the law is given order and temper, and is maintained by it without modificaion to any other law.” Why? Why the necessity of maintaining the cardinal rule of constitutional
