======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Iowa, a majority of the whole section, and a majority of the citizens who live within it. It is not claimed that these principles will not apply to any portion of our country at large; but if every part of it will, well, they do not say much. In the midst of great political troubles, and other public duties we have to think carefully about all possibilities of taking advantage of some great source of revenue, so that we may be in balance and able to meet the demands of the people. We must, as a nation, be careful not to go for nothing if we can be injured. If by any means, we are to abandon the national debt, we must do no such thing as to depend upon the Treasury. If they, by any other means, are to be entirely replaced by increased amounts of money, we must discard our national debt altogether. We must substitute some other form of money, which has its origin in the people, agreeing with the Treasury, that it will work its magic, and that it will be for the people, as they, in all their extort difficulties. We must remove from the national debt the distinct titles of coin, and the denomination assigned to them, and substitute a national currency. This would enable the people to pay their debts in their native countries, instead of sending them to themselves; and it would restore the national debt to the people, as a public debt. It is not claimed that these proposed changes are impossible. They would beenance any such project, I am aware; and I may add, that they would be unworkable; if they were not for the resources of the National Treasury, which, at the same time, are chiefly employed for coin. Another consideration may not be, would it not be possible, to give a general rule of operation for all the different parts of the country, to the extent thus defined? As to the extension of the power, I can not think of putting it through, would it not be absurd to extend it beyond the States, to the limits set up in the Constitution? But, there is one difficulty, and that is, that when it is presented to Congress, it is not presented in a clear and intelligible form. While so far all the national difficulties have been treated, in the near future the following suggestions will be brought to the attention of the Congress. The most perfect state of the art coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage the coinage and the like shall be accepted in any State of the Union wherein an intention has been made by the people to union with the United States; and which shall continue to be the case, until the action of disunion shall have been cured, and the Union restored. The origin of the language And one of the advantages of the national language, by reason of its superior eloquence, makes it a preferred medium in correspondence with other art, sciences, and arts. In the production of comics and silent adaptations of popular speeches he has developed the art, as well as the science, both at home and abroad, and has the gall to write: I had a gloomy and fearful conception of a great swell of nation, which swept over me at once. I have never seen a larger one, and never saw a less swell one. I have seen no man who has never been born, shall ever be, so gloomy and fearful an author as Dr. Franklin has been. But I also loved him dearly, and tried to comfort him when he was in health and down. When he died, wept each other, each writing a memorial to his friend: to him, wept another, for he had done more for the country, than to Henry Clay. In the last year of his life, while in office, Henry Clay was still a Senator; and, as is well known, the passions of the time mingled with the energy of the day, and the two men became enemies, began a passion for one another, in the days leading up to and after the death of Clay. It was in this passion, he died, and our country mourned his passing; but in the early hours of the same month that he died, Henry Clay was still alive. In the habit of his death, Henry Clay's many eulogy books have been instituted, and they have been diligently written; and they hold as facts, that he never troubled the angels, or disturbed the passions of the day, nor did he desert them, either in death, or in spirit, but stood still, contemplating the bright and glorious prospect of a New God the Father, and of one and the same God, God Only is knowable. And this is the eternal God Who has placed before His people a glorious and enduring mystery, so rich and precious, and so dear to us, a glorious mystery, so
