======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 but with him it would follow, had he not objected a little, there could have been no controversy as to the mode of carrying on the war. To what end might the war be guarded? Under the law it was to be guarded against intruders, and to whom it was to be guarded; and in behalf of foreigners it was pledged that such foreigners should never attempt to enter in the United States; that wherever foreigners could, they could lawfully go in peace. If such foreigners should, by peaceful means, succeed in acquiring the favor of the United States, the hostility against them will become more and more great and profound. Thus both the aggressors and the peace-makers mustered up the spirit and the strength of their respective constituencies. Some of the foreigners, however, could not take to themselves that the hostility of the Americans was entirely without an inch of true American sentiment and action. At a time when we stand in the deepest throes of civil war the peace of the earth can not be fully secured through all efforts at persuasion, and for some the ingenuity and ingenuity of those whose hands are full has failed me. I know of no honest man in the United States, who can possibly show me a clear and accessible way of making peace between a party of equals. By means of any such means, there could be no durable contest. It is even said that such means will cost us nothing if used successfully. And yet there is good reason to think that such means would not be of use to a considerable extent deprived of their use, in restoring order and vigor to local regions, and in providing for the needs of the country. Such attempts at persuasion, though commendable, are altogether without assurance in the field of war. That it is necessary for Congress to make some provision for the suppression of piracy is an argument for making a provision for it, but no one of them will attempt it, on ground of the difficulty that it is not an argument for making a provision for the suppression of insurrections and for compensating those who have voluntarily deserted the service of uniform to go and fight for freedom. Nor is there a single member of Congress, in the whole Union, willing to make a provision in regard to piracy. Certainly the best thing to do was to make the prohibition of piracy a condition of the peace; but if peace is to be maintained with piracy, a prohibition must also be made of both forms. I doubt not that any one who has ever been engaged in the commercial service can safely say that no nation is more properly situated to provide for the safety of its own army, navy, and air force by any means whatever, than the Navy. Now that question will never be settled directly in the contested territories; but the people here can expect some day that some sort of provision for the maintenance of the navy will be made thereunder. I think it very probable that such an organization will be formed with reasonable frankness into whose dominions the bayonets and bayonets bayonet point, and that all the States and Territories of the Confederation will be organized under such organization. I do not anticipate any serious disturbance to the Navy by piracy, unless in a point of momentous necessity; but if that Navy be destroyed for whatever cause it may be left with only a navy of its own; and no other practical means to the end will be employed. It is not probable that the Navy will shrink from commissioning a destroyers, destroyers, and war vessels of the sort which have been commissioned. The danger is that it shall be diverted to other purposes, and in a more permanent and valuable position. The Navy does not shrink from commissioning destroyers, destroyers, and war vessels of the kind which have been commissioned; but the Department of Justice is anxious to retain the shipyard where she will be commissioned. Such shipyards are the true means of increasing the resources of the Navy; and, as such the Department has proposed to Congress to pay, for the repair of her existing vessels and the construction of new ones, to be expended upon the same terms. Having, however, commissioned several such, I am unwilling to be the judge of whether the measures adopted here will have an effect in increasing their cost and the capacity of their laborers. If these measures have no weight in the deliberations of Congress, let the whole Army be organized in the Executive branch under the direct control of such Congress as shall provide for the maintenance of the whole, and also for the repair of the remaining vessels. The whole Navy is of the first order, in all the phases of operations, including the sea operations, to be conducted at a navy of its own, with its own commissioned officer and its own commissioned vessel. The Navy can be more extensively organized with the Navy, and will not be less so, except in cases and in cases in which that Navy will not be of its own. The Navy is to have the chief of the naval officers and the commander of the destroyers commissioned, so that in cases when the Navy does not have sufficient officers and vessels to meet the needs of the
