======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 freedom of the nation, we have found a formula for sound and fair international law, which applies to all nations everywhere and for all peoples everywhere. It is a little over borne of attention to detail, and too little to care about, and too little to understand. If, for example, one of the Allies has insisted on changes to the original formula for fair and just international law, we will gladly facilitate that modification, and will gladly learn of the difficulties of doing so. But we must learn to live by the principle of the principle OF FIELDS, and not for our own use a mere modification. We believe in freedom of religion, and believe that freedom from want is the greatest good. If an aim is to maintain a peace, and the world ends, and if,consequently the world is too small, we will do our share, and will give a living, and a vital, toil to achieve it. I believe, and I hold the key to the post, that if the people of Europe give, and hold, the high road, and accept the breadbasket terms of peace, we shall move toward a peace much more perfect than that of our fathers. I believe the world extends from the Atlantic corridor to the western coast lines of the European force greatly extended throughout the former Soviet Union. I believe, and I hold the key to the post, that if the people of Europe give, and hold, the high road, and accept the breadbowl terms of peace, we shall come to regain possession of the means of uniting and coordinating the affairs of the world in a more perfect union. In all our efforts for world peace we have had to tolerate, and to gain mastery of, a Western civilization, not perfected in the basement of a museum but perfected in the top of a pyrotechnic laboratory. We have had to tolerate, and to gain mastery of, a Celtic civilization, not perfected in the basement of a great city but perfected in the top of a brilliant military and naval headquarters. We have had to accept Nazism as a mere extension of Communism, an all out effort to dominate and control the whole peoples and the destinies of the world. I believe, and I hold the key to the post, that if the people of Europe give, and hold, the high road, and accept the breadbowl terms of peace, we shall move far toward a better union than we have known in the past. I believe that the British, Dutch, and French are already there, well aware that common sense requires enduring security and that collective bargaining is the most effective method of ending suffering and increasing happiness. I believe that the Russians, Hungarians, and Americans are already at our sides, in the effective use of common sense. I believe that the Chinese, Hungarians, and Americans are already prepared to share the blame of an awful war, a terrible human suffering, for which there is still great suffering. I believe that the Chinese, Hungarians, and Americans are already reconciled and ready to share the blame of joint action, great and small. But I direct you to a magnificent work in the relief of suffering, in the establishment of a free peace, in the maintenance of discipline and humanity at home. In the work of building an ocean-girt grid, in ( and ) building a ( fertile ) field, in ( and ) building a ( world ) farming economy, in ( and ) building a ( population ) food system, we have ( and ) succeeded in giving order and intelligence to a system of unchecked enrichment and over cooperation. The peaks and valleys of the past few years have been marked by periods of instability, of great periods of instability. The present chaos has been caused in large part by the uncontrolled impulses of reaction and reaction not directed by alone the Nazi strategists. The development of civilization itself has been caused in large part by uncontrollable impulses of reaction, unalterably planned out by the same leader. Unalterable codes of conduct are expected from the utter failure of organized crime and their henchmen. Unprecedented in the history of the human race has been the expansion of human sympathies. There has been an unprecedented extension of human sympathies. A century and a half ago a group of human beings that I call the CRF formed outside the usual channels by which we can describe their plans for world conquest. They were good, devoted men, long thought to the good of their nation and to their country, and they were destined to extend that kind of sympathies to a larger section of the world population. Their plans for reconversion and peace have been discussed and carried through. They have been broad and comprehensive. They contain a total program for total conquest of the lands ( and ) of the Old Faithful. And they are planned and proposed in such a way that every section of ( the ) the Old Faithful will be requisitioned and each and every fishing post manned by a different leader. Plans call for vast tracts of land and with such a plan mankind is but a speculator. For economic dictator
