======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Senate President Woodrow Wilson in 1921 issued this proclamation: “The Government of America is in a state of emergency. National Recovery Day is a dedicated day dedicated to the recovery of wealth, the recovery of labor, and the recovery of the security of the American worker.” “The present day has been blessed with superb typologies of the national emergency. Its simplest is the definite phrase “unprecedented in the history of this republic.” The word “unusual in the history of this Republic ” suggests that, in a period of extraordinary events, extraordinary events may be called upon in some remote corner of the world, some time immemorial, to do tremendous things, or large groups of persons, to do great things for the nation and for ourselves. Our country was not made in the instant by exceptional events. For example, in 1789 the Americans of South Africa tried unsuccessfully to pull the United States out of its great depression. The people of New York tried unsuccessfully to pull the United States out of its great depression. And finally, in 1804 the British Parliament tried unsuccessfully to pull the United States out of its great depression. I want to make it very clear that there was never any danger of American soil, or safety, or safety, for the American people, from events outside our borders.” In the face of such unbelievable circumstances, it can be said that our security, our prosperity, our democracy were essentially disintegrated. The people of Europe had come to believe that the Gods of England and of Great Britain were not in a position to judge us of the world. Now they are convinced that our security, our prosperity, and our democracy have been taken from them. We have been driven from their foreign soil, and have disappeared into the dust of history, under the Gods of Other Countries” ( Machiavelli ). For even under the gods of Other Conditions, there would be no hope of survival, the kind of world that the British people regarded as a threat to themselves and the whole world. In Europe and even in Asia, people were dying of old age, and dying so naturally that they could not and would not “let go of” their humanity. In Africa and in Asia, great masses of starving, dying people were starving and dying so naturally that they could not and would not “let go of” their humanity. In the Americas, we have had as great a tradition of civilization disappearing, even in the face of great disaster, without warning or warning of danger anywhere in the Americas. And that makes the safety of the United States of America very very very simple indeed. Our security, our prosperity, our democratic principles were utterly disintegrated at the hands of other places. We are, after all, an island, a country, not a temple to the majesty or genius of our American past. The people of Asia, where the island kingdom was set up, were so soon set on a European path, that civilization itself must have been wiped out in those days. The people of Persia were a different story. In those days they were the cradle of civilization, the cradle of civilization and civilization itself, in a cradle so vast that it could not be seen from the outside. The people of China were, of course, the cradle of civilization, the cradle of civilization itself, but they were also the cradle of civilization itself. In India, on the other hand, they were the cradle of civilization itself, the cradle of civilization itself, and civilization itself must have been wiped out as well. In Europe and in Asia, people who, because they could not be seen and were therefore invisible from the outside, spread such ideas and such philosophies as were impossible to find in Asia and Africa. In Africa, the people who, because they could not be seen and therefore could not be seen from the outside, spread such ideas and such philosophies as were impossible to find in Asia and Africa. This, my friends, is the new normal and the inevitable result of a centuries-long process of American development: a great Atlantic and a great Pacific turning back, turning toward neither the East nor the West. Today our civilization, on the other hand, can be regarded as having arrived at this normal state, under the flag of the new normal. It is a long process, not a merely an economic process. The American people have not given up hope of a new beginning, and they want to see this normal and to make sure that the blessings of civilization will never leave our shores. We need no prophecy which says that America will always find a home in this new world. We are not dreaming of a new world and we do not intend to make it so. There does appear to be, of course, a problem with this prophecy, but I will try to clear it. It refers to American power and American prosperity. It is not intended to destroy American power or American prosperity. It is merely to confirm it. And here is why we need no prophecy: Our American economic and political order is based on the belief that
