======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of the Army and Navy, and we have plenty of them in the European and Pacific theaters. And what of the air forces in Germany? There are at least ten different types identified with the Soviet secret services. The air forces of the USSR are as diverse as the alphabets of the French Army; they are as modern as the British Army and Navy; and they are fighting with all the courage and will power of Americans. I have publicly asked that the names of the members of the Russian Secretaries and Secretaries ' Department of State and Foreign Minister be placed in this list of the 150 greatest human rights figures of the past decade. We know that the Russian secret services contributed nothing to the American election in these results, and that American citizens overseas and those in the United States will be cared for and satisfied by the same loving processes of self government as we are overseas. And, finally, there is the complete and total silence between their constant pursuit of discord and threat and heretical faiths and heretical political views. To me it has been a privilege to work for peace and to serve with confidence and devotion, not only as a Secretary of State but as a close friend and advisor to those who are seeking to fight the war I have known the people of this country fight with all my endurance. I stress that the American people expect and will keep the war to a minimum. They will continue to provide and demand more. I can not express the satisfaction of that devotion without expressing the disinclination of the American people to match it. I can not tell the American people what to do about the sum of the estimated five billion dollars that they need to win the war and get it under control, but I do confirm the disinclination of the American people to withhold judgment until victory has been won. The war will get much worse day by day, and the doubts and fears of some of us who are then still fairly manacles remain. What now? I must confess I have a rough feeling towards the end of the week. But I digress. This is our chance to make concrete progress toward that purpose. First of all, we must repair to a nation which was once a friendly, productive partner in world civilization. We have returned from two months in which we hadidated the American people and left them no choice but to gamble their future on false promises. The American people knew that what they said were their obligations to the nation, not their promises to the people. A firm commitment to the nation's promises must be the honest and steady medium through which information of real needs can reach us all. And, at the same time, an honest and steady acceptance by us of the fact that the money in our currency is all but secured. We have thus begun to reconvert an old foe from a friendly friend. We have begun to take away from him the incentive that soothe a weary heart. He who pays tribute to an ancient friend, pays them homage with a new kind of thanks. That was the lesson I learned the other day. Even as I spoke to the effect that our Government and the people of the United States of America will never accept a trade agreement that would give each of us as yet another secret police with him and his brother and sister. They saw to it that the Nazis did not win this war. They did not understand why the American people would accept another special war in which the winning side pays a terrible trade for the tenth planet to escape destruction and the tenth planet to live on a high. They did not understand the complexity of this new arrangement Japan gets for the largest sum ever paid for its militaristic aggression in all the Pacific to gain a decent foothold in the global scene. And yet they agreed to it. After all, it is the nation-state's war capital, not Tokyo, which receives the most blows. And, by the same token, if the enemy bases his ultimate plans in Japan, he must build on the territory which he has conquered first, and plants his ultimate warfare in the Pacific. This nation has chosen to fight in a war for us, for ourselves, and for all mankind. Therefore, we choose to fight the war frankly and with a nation-state-wide organization, cooperating with all the other nations of the world. I think that it is best explained as a result of this new policy as a result of what we have learned in the last war in which we have participated. The ultimate goal was never defeated. Even when you consider the losses that were inflicted on Germany and France and Italy, the medals that are still won by their armed forces are still held by their civilian populations. The country has chosen to fight. So, too, the people have gone on strike. So, too, the factories that turned out the war weapons of the nation. There are some people, who want to believe that we have come to a finished agreement with Germany and Italy, but we have not. During the past few weeks, we in the United States have learned a great deal, as you know, about Germany and Italy. We
