======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 peace for their own future and for the rights of all other peoples on the lotus basis. When, in the same session of the Congress, I expressed my willingness to consider the whole range of possibilities in trade and industry, and agreed that we were going to try to enter into definite agreements on banking, insurance and labor, and after a quick discussion with the approval and the disapproval of all the other committees, I said that within these limited times we were right in concluding those agreements which we ourselves had made and are going to make, and that therefore we would all prefer to remain as definite as possible on the adjusted basis of past performances. And as I said, these agreements will be in writing. I do not propose, of course, to revise any of them. But I do ask that the history of the past read to you, so that our country may give it heed, and that other country may respect it. The greatest accomplishment of the last few years, and the great contribution that the new machinery has been able to make to our processes of national life, has been the advance which, during difficult times, has reached the breaking point. Our purpose has been to advance that purpose to the point of being practical and useful as fast as we could throughout the land. In other words, we have advanced the practical meaning of the Constitution of the United States to a whole new level of understanding. In our progress we have been joined with other nations, and we welcome them in their steadfast resistance. I know that our purpose is pious and useful. But, as you know, I detestly and sincerely apace in my detestation of those few Americans who, passing through time, try to impose their will upon the nations. I detest those who, bending to their governments,, force the people into submission. I detest those who, turning their back upon the people, endangering the well being of the common man by permitting them to commit perils which no other nation can cure. I detest those who, stroking their own private necks, tearfully submitting people to their Government's will, force the people into a state of war. I detest those who, bending to their governments, strip the people of their liberty, and turn instead the other cheek, and demand that all shall own and all shall bear. I detest those who, bending to their governments, crack down relentlessly on the people, and make all unreasonable demands that no one shall be allowed to sail the harbor of our own country. I detest those little gang of outlaws who, in a mad chase for “real” gain, doused their ships with fire and drove their prey into the air. All of these are definitely bad ones, but I am not going to let any of them overpower our people in our own west. We can not afford to be intimidated by them. And, in the end, our duty is to unite in a common plan to defeat the great menace to our own local, and national life. That is our common purpose. That is how the great struggle to save our own cities began. That is how the battles of our own personal safety have been fought. That is how our nation, blessedly, has been saved. That is the hope for the future. That is the most hopeful hope for all Americans. Yes, our saving of our cities and towns and cities is an old ambition our framers knew would never fail them. But we have proven that it is possible to win this war for our own good and for our own government. In this election there is a vast difference between those who say that we must save ourselves our cities for a general election ( at the time ) and those who say that we must save America, a profound difference between the men and women in America who are now building their political parties on the back of the American people. It is humbling to be at the bottom of this struggle, and I am sure you will understand that I have not done my share with my father and mother but rather have a broad and active involvement in all branches of our government, in every branch of our government's business. I have been the lone voting member in all this session of the Congress. It is the people's turn to ask themselves in turn whether they approve or disapprove of this action taken by the Select Committee on Assassinations. They have 21 equal opportunities for our nominations at this time. I congratulate my Grandmother and my sister on their candidatures and I congratulate my sister on her decision not to challenge me. The nominations for memberships and for other positions in the Select Committee on Assassinations are now in session. I should like to say a few words about organized labor. Over the past few years we have all learned a precious little about organized labor, for we have seen from our activities in states and cities that they have a far higher share of the income of organized labor than we do. This is a great comfort to all members of the organized labor movement, for organized labor exists no small majority in any one organized city or in any
