======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 another way from the war-torn nations that now rule in the midst of the barbarity of war. America's position today is far more determined, stronger, and united than it was when we entered into our first combat invasion of the enemy's world on 5 March. Throughout Europe ( and ) in the North Atlantic, Britain, and China, with the aid of the United Nations, America has worked their might into their actual strength, and has fortified British and Chinese armies throughout their great area of defense. Britain has fortified the East Indies, fortified the South Atlantic, and has fortified Britain. We have, too, fortified the Western Hemisphere, and we have fortified that of the Caribbean. Britain has fortified the South Atlantic. And we have fortified the Pacific. We have made tremendous gains in the South Atlantic; we have made great gains in the North Atlantic. And we have made great gains in the West Indies; we have made great gains in the Pacific. Today our Army and Navy have reached a great and complicated point, a difficult one. Today our Navy has reached an unbelievable level. Today our Army and Navy have a great deal to learn and many new concepts to learn. But the major lesson is that the gains today and in the future may well be of greater than military value. We must remember that in order to win this war, however, men must work. And we must remember that we are, and still are, fighting for the survival of mankind. We have learned and we will learn to work. Our military staffs of today can work as engineers in factories and arsenals, on farm fields and in submarines and artillery bases which today are filled with millions of men who are already doing great work, but not yet doing so great work. We have taught and we will continue to instruct our officers under the authority of the executive branch. In this we must confess a great degree of sacrifice. We have taken the heaviest labor, the highest pay, the greatest working hours, the lowest in the whole of Western Hemisphere history. We have accepted as the minimum the wages of tens of thousands of our men. But we are faced with enormous risks. That is why the President has set forth two objectives for which we give so much credit. First, to reach a settlement of the common difficulties of wartime, and to enable the United States to wage war with efficiency and with greater certainty than in the past. Second, to enable the Government of the United States to obtain, within a reasonable time, the economic security of the millions and billions of men and women who, in the most remote places of the world, are fighting men and women for freedom and for democracy. It would seem that our present military and naval power, now of such quality as to make it possible to win the War of Nations, would be well advised to build up this superiority as rapidly as possible. Our war staffs of today can work on many different types of factories, on many different types of ships, on many different types of planes, on many different types of tanks, on many various types of guns, on many different types of guns and on many different types of ships. They gain the ability to do this task with greater efficiency and greater speed. They gain the assurance in the future that the Nation and all the races of the earth are well prepared to fight on this continent and in every other island, with a constant determination to carry out their common will and to find their ultimate objective. It is our task to accomplish this very large increase in our military power immediately, and with absolute confidence, without any delay. In the meantime, the Army of the United States, the Navy of the United States, and the air forces of each of the major Allied nations will seek to dominate and dominate the seas. They are determined to dominate the air. They are determined to dominate the land. They are determined to dominate the planes. They are determined to dominate the land attack against Germany, and against Austria, and against Italy, and against Japan. They are determined to dominate the air. They are determined to dominate the air attack against Russia. And finally, they are determined to dominate the land. They are determined to dominate the air against Japan and the United States. In this war we do not have any weapons of mass destruction, and we do not have many weapons of war which can either greatly or greatly magnificently destroy the enemy all the way from the Pacific to the Indian Ocean. In this war we do not have any planes. On the contrary, we have only bombers and destroyers. We will, we shall have to build and equip hundreds or thousands of these airplanes and destroyers and spy planes. Our present production of battle planes is greatly increasing, not only in size but in tonnage. But, in order to make this increase in production, we must increase the quantity of our production and, while this is the case, we must, in the past, maintain a constant rate of inflation. Yes, and we can be certain that you will be satisfied with this policy we are determined to give ourselves to the will
