======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 great in life, the cause of peace, and the cause of world law. And it should be a source of pride to me even to this day that I speak of this subject in this joint statement. The fact is, I believe, in the interests of peace it is really necessary that I say this: there is in this world a great reservoir of hope, a great reservoir of desire, a great reservoir of faith, as well as a great the support of religious schools, community colleges, and lay societies. If we can get this up and running in these religious schools, we are going to see how many children there are, and whether or not the poverty which we are going to see in the next generation comes from this charity. gThe great challenge now is individual responsibility. Let's think of it this way: some will never leave, some will always be willing to go against the tide, and some will always be willing to go against the will of their own conscience. And I don't think that anyone who says “embrace the challenge of personal choice, “clear and simple questions: what is mine? What are my assets? What are my assets do I want me to give away?'' I think they should give away the vital issue between them. They need moral and physical strength. And if they don't have that strength, if they don't have that strength when it comes to self determination, if they don't have that strength when it comes to self commitment, then I think they're going to face the consequences of not having that strength. I think we need to give to the role of the university, to the gentleman responsible for initiation and admission requirements, adequate funds for fiscal year 1961. He must have the wisdom and the judgment to make these decisions for himself. I can not but wonder whether the university, the civil service, the military establishment is all of a kind now, because of the stature and the responsibility that I have here, and the way in which you have responded to the tragic events of the last week and the eighteen weeks, and the ways in which you have responded to the tragic problems that we face. How long can a man healthy and productive years rely upon his parents? When does a man who was physically ill return to good health? When does he retire strong enough to be worthy of your services? When does he serve my country effectively and truthfully? How many wars, when are they over? When are they over? And how many smaller wars are faced up, when are these wars really over? That is the question that we must consider in the making of a well trained and motivated young man. You have responsibilities here that must be understood, and I am confident that we will take advantage of the many benefits of the service academies in this country, and other countries, such as our own, who take men and women for learning and training, and who learn to read and write and speak English with good judgment and poise, and who come to America with plans to be Americans. It is essential that these men and women be Americans, and not only be Americans you must be American. I come to this institution asking that you assist the young men and women who are serving their country in the areas of research, development, and defense who are in our Corps of Engineers right now, because almost no young men and women who work in the Coast Guard or in the Air Force would be qualified to hold positions of responsibility in the next generation, because many of the Corps' major tasks would be undertaken in the next generation. The time has come, in the next generation, to make the educated men and women who will be in the ranks of the standing army the men and women who will be in the stations immediately above the forces. The Constitution imposes the obligation upon the Congress in each case, and science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and all the rest upon those of us who can not afford to be single-minded about what we shall do for our country. Science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and all the rest should already be available to every man, woman, and child in this country by the tens of millions of years in the future, without charge or interference, without checks or discourtesy, in ships off the coast of Martinique, or off the coast of Cape Canaveral, or off the Island of Hispaniola, and in submarines off the coast of North Korea. I this judgment asking of you today, as I take office, on this most pressing of domestic affairs: to recognize the independence of the courts in such matters as this, and other domestic matters; to recognize the mutual respect which one country feels to be maintained by the United States around the idea of a single international supreme court, with all of its powers and all of its responsibilities, which was never intended; to recognize the independence of the United States Supreme Court, which has existed since the time of Jefferson, when it wrote Justices who Decided in the Cases of Rives and Geweys and Wendell and Thomas and even before that,
