======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 your good will. It's one thing to speak out against apartheid or a regime of the dead at that moment of its decay, and another to speak out for the gains of our people all over the world. The fact is, my fellow Americans, there is more work to be done, it is a fact of life for all of us, it is in an age when we are talking about the highest possible reward for all activity. If our rights are not respected, the world will end. If we do not, and in the end choose life or death as our own, the tide of war and violence will sweep mankind in a cold, bloody and unending sea of misery. But there is no end in sight. The task is not a single point of the road that will be easy. And the road is long and the struggle will be hard. But whatever the task, the hour is now. It may not be easy. But there is never been anything so difficult as the struggle for freedom. It is for those who will challenge us all that we stand, for those who will guide us with care and vigor, that America stands and that the revolution begins. And this revolution has the power to end slavery, to end the system of denial, to end all forms of discrimination. It can do it all. For while we face a world without an armed struggle, we face a world in which the free will and determination to abolish oppression still prevail throughout the world. There are areas of concern, however, in this revolution which must be solved. The war of liberation has not yet begun. The war that we have fought has not yet begun. But while we face this great task, the United States of America may turn its attention to other areas of human endeavor, areas of concern to other ages. As it opens up new lands and new facilities for research, we will have, above all, a full opportunity for exploration. We may also pursue our own exploration. Or, more precisely, we may consider, as part of our mission, areas of emphasis more important today than ever before. These are the areas in which, since the end of World War II, there has been a worldwide effort to reach space. The effort begins now. We have launched the SpaceSAT, the SpaceSatellites program, the SpaceSalinas program. And now, thanks to the efforts of all the nations on this continent, we have launched an unmanned spacecraft, the International Space Station. The space effort is progressing. Its design will be completed by the beginning of the decade. Our scientists and engineers are working with a variety of instruments for new experiments and new instruments for the exploration of new lands. Meanwhile, our satellites are performing new instruments for the reception of high performance communications. In addition, new satellites are now under development. This is a sober and exciting time for mankind. The efforts of all the nations under the age program to reach Venus are yielding results. But, while we are at it, we shall have more at stake in the exploration of Saturn in the next decade's time course, in the pursuit of other goals of progress in space science and exploration. We shall also, as part of the age program, explore new areas of space science. The scientific community, for example, may explore an area of nuclear physics as part of its overall effort, or may examine new areas of space science. The area of space science, incidentally, is far more technical and complex. It will involve a variety of instruments for observation, for example, and a range of new weapons. But, while we are at it, I shall propose measures to improve communication by transmitting radio waves in space rather than ground, for example, and extending telephones in space. The program must continue. If we are determined to expand our knowledge of the universe, in the next decade and the next generation, we must, first, recognize that a great and vital problem is not a simple one- to determine whether the United States is standing tall, or whether the hour is nigh. We have seen, for example, the enormous impact of the atom on the structure of atmospheric matter. But, therefore, the tremendous question of whether the United States stands tall is a critical problem which must be solved, not merely to keep this country standing but to keep space moving ahead. Space science is not new. But, as I have said, its origins can not be found in our own days. And, I realize, we have lived the story of exploration, with every revolution in the atmosphere, until finally we have reached such an extent of knowledge as to be as well understood and as complete as ever. This is the story of our moon landing, of the shuttle landing, of the successful flight to the moon. These are the stories of the United States as it moves forward. Now, as its revolution in space sciences continues to be tested and defended, it becomes clear, in time, that the day when our country's revolution in space science must begin to pass away, in time of peace, is far more urgent than
