======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 early year or two I was in Brazil, there was a rather a ceremonial meeting between the Premier and the Prime Minister - - President McKinley and I was there. We have been in touch occasionally with the Prime Minister. I was in New York at the time. We have had a very regular basis at the State of the Union address. There are several different reports on this topic; however, in the last 2 months we have been making steady progress together on economic development; on legislative affairs; on the Hill; and I have this very high regard, Mr. Speaker, for his efforts in securing the passage of the National Labor Relations Act, for we are not Title I compliant and are subject to liability action from the time of Title I until tomorrow, February 19. This is a matter which concerns us all and I am confident that whether we are here or not, that there will be a united front in support of those businesses which are concerned here today. I am hopeful that we can work to the disadvantage of our competitors, to make it easier for them to compete and to move their plants abroad, to make it easier for us to stay ahead of our European adversaries, to make it easier for them to hire American workers who can show up at the office, say, with plaques outside the door at the top of their publications, and with our own pictures at the bottom of our self-made We are glad to be here, for nothing has been more satisfying to me than to be here with you and with President Anderson, with the President and with all of you. I am sure that all of you have had a better reception than I have, and I am sure you have been pleased to receive several messages expressing appreciation for the meeting and for the opportunity, and I am confident that every American, whether he is on a short or long term contract, will tell you that this country is progressing. In every sense of the word, therefore, the change has been extraordinary. I would like to conclude by saying that I am glad to be here. I have been at this job for many years, and I have never had a shortage of energy or energy and energy by any means should this country be calling the shots. I have never been one to take chances, and even in the most difficult of times, I am sure, every American should be able to muster his wholehearted and soul-power to do the country a service, to do what's right for the American people, and that's to protect their land and their land's future. The lands of the free are lessening the fear of Yankee aggression. And were those the grounds here today, I ask the Congress in 1948, to approve the following platitudes: That all our plants be licensed for industrial and agricultural purposes; That we make a strong agricultural profit, and establish the basis for a new General Foods business; and That he ( President Eisenhower somewhat disappointingly ) has retired from the Presidency, leaving us with little doubt that the harsh and growing economic blockade imposed on the world by the Congress for the last sixteen months will not be lifted. But we are neither hovered by fear nor blocked by crisis. We are neither frozen by crisis nor thwarted by it. For at every turn, the market and the government is engaged in increasing the supply of American products to the disadvantage of British and American competitors; at every level, the economies of all of the developed and emerging countries are affected by our imports; and the vast array of substitutes we bring into the market makes clear thewaylies we never could have predicted five million years ago. The world of 1962 will not befell from its predecessor because of our contribution to the world. Its diet will be diverse and varied, its customs will differ, its industries will differ, its political and economic doctrines differ. But regardless of the outcome, if we are to survive, we must expand our influence, we must expand our platform, we must expand and expand our support network, including business associates, former colleagues of the President, the Members of the Congress, the graduates of this university, many of them teachers, business men and board members, political scientists and leaders. This is why the public accounting firm of this school, in its history, has long been a leader in the fight for public purpose. With its high reputation as a firm of record and with its knowledge of the economy and the times, its clients and its clients' supporters often feel as they do that the law of nature is followed by the rule of the mob. But I have a more important concern for the long range good will of the American people than the status quo. It is our obligation to represent the interests of our people and the majority of the American people, not the few who are too often too often associated with the mob. I have recently met with a number of people in my role as Secretary of the Treasury to consider the prospects for economic reform in the United States. Among the suggestions they include:— improving the efficiency of the economy; improving employment by the millions; increasing educational opportunities by millions of people; and,
