======== SAMPLE 1 ========
or was not a citizen of his country, he was an Englishman. This Nation can not accept as true the statement made by Mr. Johnson that his conduct on September 11, 1963 was un-American, un-American and un-American because in 1961 this country had fulfilled its obligations under the Charter, and the oath we took in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, when we reaffirmed our stand for freedom, and our recognition of what we considered to be the most basic right of all: the right to be safe in our own hemisphere. At a time when almost every American enjoys the confidence and affection of his family and friends in the Caribbean and the Indian Reservation, and all those who travel through them today see a great opportunity to preserve the dignity and the security of their country and the freedom of their loved one. The history of our hemisphere will tell us very soon what kind of people Cuba is and what kind of people America is, and what kind of people the Americas are and what kind of people New York is and what kind of people Havana is. And I shall not shrink from addressing all the people and talk about policy on those subjects, on the other hand, whether in Massachusetts or Florida, or anywhere else in the political scene the history of this hemisphere will show whether America will concentrate its attention or not on a contest in which our policies sometimes clash with those of the Soviet Union. And so, I hope that at this time of transition we will maintain as much vitality and vigor as we can the kind of disciplined leadership, the kind of disciplined leadership in which we have been largely consistent, the kind which has, in the past, achieved a degree of parity in freedom figures. And to repeat in passing: To hold the Presidency, is to require a lifetime of experience in all branches of government; it requires not only a basic understanding of the Constitution but the skill, patience, and wisdom required to lead our country; and it is, I believe, the most immediate threat to our security today as a result of the revolutionary change in the role of the executive. I emphasize the word political in the usage of this document, as opposed to popular or party leadership, because it has direct and significant economic, social, and material consequences for our country. The words 'progressive,' 'progressives,' 'leftists,' 'progressive,' 'left-leaning,' 'progressive' and the adjective progressive 'appear to have more in common with right than conservative or right wing views. As Franklin Roosevelt once observed, “Liberal principles and manners are the property of the free." And so it is that the Presidents of our great universities and commissions are described today as 'progressives,' 'progressives,'leftists.' And so they are labeled today, on the ballot, as the progressive 'movement,' yet the adjective progressive is almost always misconstrued as a conservative movement; yet what progressive stands for, and what those of us who support them regard as a share, is both a recognition and a appreciation of the tremendous power that we hold in this country. It is for this reason that my close friend the late President McKay great, Secretary of State Cordough and Speaker of the Senate John F. Kennedy, have often referred to how important it is for their generation that the United States move forward, not slowly, as it has been slowly moving, but with vigor, permitting us to become a major partner in the United States. The reason there has been so much talk of us as a partner is because of the other great question on which the United States must now rest its case: whether we are going to remain the leader of the free world, free to choose our own future, or impose a system that is too heavily tied to our own survival and limited to be able to sustain itself against modern coercion. If we are going to remain the leader of the free world, then we must be bold, if we are going to maintain the kind of high standards that will enable us to succeed, then we must be persistent, if we are going to support the kind of bold policies that will enable us succeed in ending the cold war. These are the kinds of policies that will enable the United States to remain the leader of the free world, and maintain the kind of high standards that will enable us to maintain and hold steady against modern coercion. I shall not mention the Cold War here here, but let me say, two simple things about the kinds of policies that are necessary. First, the continued vitality and strength of our military establishment. To keep these weapons effective, they must, I believe, keep our troops ready for any situation. We must maintain the strategic air and missile bases as rigorously as we can, in Africa and in the Middle East, to the great extent that we can, and we must also keep them under manned control, permitting us to keep our forces in close range to any part of the Far East. To maintain our nuclear forces in close range, therefore, let's reexamine our strategic plans for a moment; and ask ourselves: Are we prepared
