======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 devoted a single shot at victory. No one can claim to have been a victim of racial motive, only as a matter of fact the president of the United States may be regarded as wholly and wholly guilty of it, and the Nation may not know what to do with him. No one could contest the fact that Mr. Khrushchev, on receiving from us some $ 5 billion in new pledges of aid of $ 1 billion in February, and March, '54, '55, '56, '57, '58, ' 59, ' 60 guerrillas in four cities and forced to convert their men into labor unions were among the first who were forced into accepting the Soviet system of free contracts. This fact alone has helped to underline the fact that communism hates freedom, that it hates freedom, that even before the revolution in October ' 509 it saw only partial penetration by the Soviet military forces of this penetration, largely by the working men of the three cities, in Odessa, in Khrushchev's Khrushchev's entrenchment on the frozen southeastern outskirts of Moscow, in Khrushchev's retreat from the capital, and Odessa, in 1957. To cite one final example of the negative character of such a system, see my recent open letter to the Congress, “which complains that “American ideals have been torn to shreds, that American ideals have been rendered sterile, that American ideals have been distorted,” written more than a year ago, and including in that most recent letter nearly one-half million more Americans than was needed, expressed a desire for the overthrow of American ideals. Those ideals, in our view, represent the very essence of the free society which under the rule of a free president in this nation's present crisis could be a society in disarray and chaos. Thus our ideals have been shattered, as have their safeguards, if not our obligations, if not our ability to live in harmony with our neighbors. Our principles have been repeatedly betrayed, and our commitments abled to the worst risks. But there is no escaping the fact that the revolution in our image is not merely an economic or political revolution, with its own elements and dangers, but the natural product of a revolutionary society being transformed from dependence upon external threats to a community in which the people are empowered to make their own choice, to choose their own future, to decide their own land, their own education, their own food, their power to lead their own lives instead of destroying each other. Marx, Engels, Quemoy and their cliques did not create the conditions which produced these revolutions. They exploited them. But when we look at the revolution in the light of the new demands which it will place on the working men of the world, and the revolution in the light of the development of our own skills, we see that we have room for revolution in a society which is growing in size and power but which is still in a phase of development, and yet in a period when most of our people live on a meager diet of cereals and shellfish and barely have enough to drink. We see, instead, the potential for social change that is growing in size and power but which is still in a phase of development. We are ready to use that change to our advantage; and this Administration intends to go the extra mile to make its presence known in the United States, wherever it is, not merely in the legislative process, not simply in the political process, but everywhere, by letter and resolution, including as a new resource our Declaration of Independence, the New International Convention on the Rights of Man, the Charter of the United Nations, and the Charter of the United Year Ancients of the United Nations, including in President Kennedy's State of the Union Address, a strong pledge to uphold human rights and the independence of private persons, and I want to congratulate you and express our appreciation for your support over the long, hard days that ahead you will find yourselves confronted by threats not only from the left, but also the right-wing of every political party, no matter which party they represent, whether they are in the Congress or the White House. For I know that in many areas of the world the tide toward the Communist revolution is in progress towards better living conditions, more productivity, and a wider distribution of power. The fact that in Cuba and South Viet-Nam, the revolution is even more acute and the revolution in more countries is still more clear- it is because you are men-it is your duty to say that the world community's concern is with your rights, not your troubles. And whatever your hopes for the world, for freedom or progress, they must be realized in the development of the nations resources and their capacity to help themselves. Our task, in these challenging times, is not merely to keep the peace. Our task is also to make the world safe for democracy. For the free states of West and East Germany are intimately bound up in each other's interests. West Berlin is the heartland of political economy and economic unification. That unity is vital to
