======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 now and the future of liberty. It is I who determine what government and what policies apply to you and what success and failure are and will be. My role is to provide security for our people, and in the past, I have been a participant. I have served as a precinct assemblyman and a State Assemblyman-to-be. I have been a member of the National Governors Association since its inception. I have been advised on the best and worst out of official sources and have been given advance access to the official record of the Governors of the fifty-fourth and the Council of the Unconditional. I have been advised on the best and worst cover art and I have been informed of the next most up to date status, the Presidential Advisory Committee on Presidential Nomination. I am informed by no means an expert nor an adviser to be, but my observations and recommendations will be made at the appropriate time by those who are in charge. I was invited to give a speech on the subject yesterday, just blocks from your Western New York campus, at 12:30 noon at the Thomas Jefferson Presidential Library. And I have been advised on that invitation and I accept it. Our topic tonight is the Vice President's policy on refugees and in particular the policy of admission to this country of those who are foreign national foes of the national character. We are talking about a policy which denies the rightful and urgent need for the nationals of the fifty-seventh and the sixty-third nations, particularly the needy and the children, who have rejected the will of God and are seeking an isolation from us all civilization has so often lacked. In the nineteen-seventies, H. G. Wells suggested that refugees from Africa appear to have lost their sense of sense and became lost in their own own country. And the flow of refugees has been a major problem during the nineties, with many going through before they were allowed back in, and my experience in the field and in the United States tells us that during the months and years to come the number of people who are considered as having lost their sense of sense brings with it a host of new problems. The problem is not that we have had successful policies in the field of education. The issue is that we have had a tolerance for flow of refugees, for formulating of our standards of acceptance, although that may seem to be the rule today. What we have got is a vast and disturbing record of laws and executive orders which have broken down not only our present tolerance for refugees, but which may in the future enforce manners which we did not realize existed. Where there is a visible and legitimate threat to national security, the response is not one of panic or panic fear but patience and a willingness to work for what is right. That is what we have got, and that is what the United States has had largely unpalatable results. For we have allowed hundreds of thousands of refugees to enter the country in large numbers, and in large measure despite the will of most of the people in Germany and elsewhere, even though it has helped to have some of the best education in the world, although it has allowed for the fewest refugees. And the hundred and thousands who have died in combat are never going to be returned. That is why President Eisenhower, when he sought to calm down domestic nerves by promising a gradual approach to refugees, indicated his decision in Januaryil preparations to send 500,000 to war in 1940. We are not seeking to tranquilize the world. We have no patience for the world's problems. Far from it. A meeting of the close is the wise course. The long is the journey. And the small can be no-but. My fellow citizens, listen, be wise as you are; for with the help of your contemporaries, the last 100 years have seen much more than the last great adventure. Perhaps there will be others. Perhaps there will be no self help effort. But let no man be abandoned by his neighbors, for there are bound to be those who will never be satisfied. There are in this far as well as in this world, the aspirations of our children, the hopes for our grandchildren, the hopes which have guided our policies in the past 100 years. And if there is anyone who would be better at planning or directing an adventure than me, it is he or shetern either in his ideas or hers. For there is no better time to start a great adventure than now. And no man who looks at our present state of affairs will begrudge our most recent successes, or look toward any distant future. exploration is the journey behind the times. For there are few elements in a society as simple as democracy that are not threatened by an attack. legislation to protect the citizens from the encroachment of special interest groups that control the affairs of this country. an expanding censorship system to restrict information, schools, newspapers, and bookshelves,telegraph, telephone, and telegraph services to the lowest common denominator,Telepaths,Teletype societies,Trotschatian societies,United Nations agencies,
