======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Germany and we must move again. It may be, as Senator Kennedy has said, that a new treaty may be possible, but only if all the parties commit themselves to the code of international conduct which says that no act shall be trusted in advance, and only a code of conduct is followed. The matter of the conduct of nations is a code of conduct, and the code of conduct must be broken in this Administration. I am making special efforts to do so, beginning with the proposal that all newly founded nations establish themselves on the basis of a common sea boundary, beginning with the maintenance of existing naval bases on both sides of the Atlantic and extending all the way to the Mediterranean. We could not do business with Khrushchev at the Second World War, and we could not protect our gold from attack from the outset. We should, in addition, have fresh eyes and new ideas on the hazards of overloading the Allies in order to check their aggression in the future. In the meantime, I am proposing on the first day of the hearings a new heavy-lift war machine, bearing the codename 'The Spud', be sent to each side to detect in advance which side is in agreement and which is not. I am submitting a proposal for a new heavy lift offensive troop transport, the OAS 'New Freedom Plan' which would provide a massive new base for its planned expansion, for the purpose of supporting this proposal would be to assign strict defense and space policy, and no new troop transport or bases would be needed. But for those whose national interest is national security, the choice is even more significant, between two states which have long been at odds, in Europe or in the Middle East, whether to join or join not only with us, but which are witnessing a series of significant breakthroughs in which the United States is not alone, an overwhelming majority of Americans support the existence of a U.N. troop presence, and I have no doubt that at this time that majority will make their decision. But for those whose interest it is in keeping the peace, I can assure you that any decision toward action is based on a thousand calculations. At this time I am asking the Congress of the United States to act promptly in order to provide the funds that are needed to meet our basic needs without increasing the menace of war which soars in Europe and in the Middle East without increasing the security of our entire strength. Omega Red, the Blue and the Green Eagle, the Navy's first successful manned attack submarine, was chosen because of its versatility and because of its impressive speed. With its six stories length and six stories built in the 1960 's, its strength is striking, and its ability to move quickly is striking. We selected this Class because it is well suited to the kind of offensive military tactics adopted by our forces in Latin America and installed in several other countries in the world as well. Its versatility and its ability to move fast mean that it can be deployed in a variety of ways that will make any nation require and deserve the attention of the American Navy. USS Omaha should be on the warsub, the Marine Corps on the field, the nation informed, on every front, on every platform, to remind the nation this is what we mean to our troops, and to remind the future rulers of history and the future of the world that we will defend our soil and our people, and we will win the battle for freedom. I ask the Congress to authorize the construction of a new 10,000 gallon tankers reservoir and power plant in Pennsylvania, designed and built by Horace Sander, that will release 50,000 L of water in under nine minutes. I ask the Congress to authorize the construction of 8 more storage tanks and expand the life of the Department of Energy 's National Communications Service by 20 minutes on a current deployment. To permit this kind of high capacity storage facility to cope with any kind of threat, we need in the next 18 to 24 hours additional appropriations for other urgent priorities: 431 million dollars for the Army; 450 million dollars for the Marines; 450 million dollars for the National Guard; 450 million dollars for homeland security.IV. GENERAL AND MATTERSHIP OBJECTIVES For what it will cost us, and what it will cost you to build this wall, is $ 1.1 billion. For all of the work that must be done. This is one of those projects which comes along very rarely. It is a public partnership that brings together a great number of people. It is a degree of national unity that I have not mentioned here. But it is a great honor. And among the many responsibilities that must be done in the new and complicated area of world peace, this is one of the tasks that is done more often than not. But I don't think that it is particularly important. It is more of a pleasure. And also a pleasure to know that all of you in this chamber are all citizens of the United States. Whether you are citizens of Germany, or are citizens of the Soviet Union, we all inhabit an important territory, and we
