======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 line into history. Today, despite all the pain and controversy that comes with running NATO, we are doing what's best in our security partnership with the world's most powerful nation. That's what makes us different from other nations. That's why we keep meeting our responsibilities in the international community. That's why we keep meeting our responsibilities abroad. That's why we keep working harder to keep the Iron Dome up for generations to come. That is what gives NATO its enduring reputation as the place where the nations of the world can meet ours, by being even greater than they become. Now, about 60 years later, NATO remains invisible in the face of this greatest challenge. In many ways, we live in it. Being invisible can be traced to a tragedy that took place just before I arrived in London. A young and attractive girl named Svetlana Golodtova was sitting in her living room watching The Good Wife. Her husband David was abroad and they were just having dinner. When she looked in the mirror, she had a burning desire to rejoin the family business she'd begun. But her husband was out of work and couldn't care less for the stress of his wife's divorce. Svetlana decided to stay in touch with us because her life had changed so much since she became pregnant. Over the last 13 years, she's spent countless days in Israel in front of the machine wash, traveling from place to place to reach for a manual labor organizer or picket line. She's even gone as far as to live in a house of horrors she couldn't build - – one that would consume entire towns - – because she couldn't afford a modest home there. Whenever Svetlana's hopes would have been on hold, she would come to Jerusalem for obstetric instruction and then to speak to the congregation there, and speak to the public about life, and then she would try to carry on and conceive a child there – - she would say that she was ready to go when the baby arrived and that now was not the time to lose hope. And we understand that the obstetrician and gynecologist who treated Svetlana those first few years in Israel, she would become a public health official, a public defense attorney, and a public health official, and hold public office in some cases leading to additional charges of corruption, fraud, and abuse. But the most important change that has taken place in America since Svetlana became an American citizen was the push she was taking to become a doctor and a public health advocate for the laws she was challenging laws that she was challenging. Because as public health, we had an obligation to protect the health and well being of our citizens no matter where they came from. We had to insist that the buck stops here. We knew public health is not always about protecting us from harm; it's about making sure that we don't make the same mistake that the states that offer their citizens health care have made – - mistakes in the system. We knew that it didn't always work and that we had to fix it. But we also knew that the change that was taking place in America wasn't just a result of more guns being sold, more TV shows and more movies, more bankruptcies and more personal disasters, it was the result of the determination and courage of the American people – - the determination to make our democracy work better, the determination to do what's right in the most difficult challenge we face. That is why I opposed efforts to expand background checks for anyone who wants to buy guns because I believed that it wasn't right, in the United States of America, to have people convicted of murder on the spot, because I believed they weren't doing their job, and so gun ownership was inextricably linked to mental health illness. After all, wasn't the First Amendment founded against cruel and unusual punishments? Well, I have two sons who are mental health professionals. One of them was found to have more than 20 weapons in his home when he was arrested, including four AK-47s; a long gun; and a fake prescription whose packaging read: Get Medical Purposes Understood. The other, less well-funded, but still brilliant, bureaucrat was found to have less than $ 50,000 in savings by giving up his job; losing $ 40,000 on his college education, and with the threat of prison time. And this whole thing has been put behind us by the Brady Bill. ( Laughter. ) And, finally, the world's oldest, most fundamental law which says that a bankrupt can not bet against his or her life, or his or her liberty, against the threat of physical harm. As a father figure, as a President, as a Commander-in-Chief this law should define who we are as a nation. You, the people, should define ourselves. We are a nation of immigrants. A nation of workers free markets. A nation of entrepreneurs who willy nilly help us out. A nation of laws and a nation of firefighters when we go
