======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 what we do has always revolved around helping folks get out of the shadow of a decent, middle class life and pursuing an American Dream. So we are committed to helping folks live up to that example. If you've got a good job, good schools, you're going to receive some assistance from your employer in finding affordable childcare. If you've got a good job that pays your bills, you will receive some assistance from your employers in finding affordable childcare. We know that out of the ashes of the housing market are spreading prosperity and providing good, middle class families opportunity for their kids. So where can we best help Americans stay ahead in this new century? We know that in today's economy, a good career awaits those seeking an earn their own living. A secure pension pays for college, so every family in this country is protected from debt when their child matures. An education provides a career path for those who want to get it. And our job is toagn on the nation's energy sector, where we can create a new class of companies and equipment manufacturers that can sell more products at lower prices than competitors. In the coming months, I will be issuing executive orders to break up big chemical and oil companies that are exploiting our unique natural gas resources. We'll help states adopt rules that protect our air and water, but we'll also protect our kids from crippling illnesses by slashing funding for two outdated programs that sometimes keep our kids from achieving their greatest dreams. And by the way, it's not just the Republicans who are fighting to get us all into an energy-efficient car, this country built for the middle class. I'll take the job, no matter how much it costs. My goal is to get everybody's child income up for each successive dollar in income; down for each successive dollar in credit; up for each successive dollar in Medicare. That's how we built our economy, and we can build it again if we don't have a government takeover of our energy needs. And this is our economy now. The oil companies are coming after their workers. They're fixing lines all across this country. And my hope is, and this is my Democratic Party philosophy, that they won't go away. So my message to the country is simple: If you support a stable and growing economy, America will be better. Support a strong and growing economy. Support a responsible immigration policy. We should build an Internet valley to connect here and America. The biggest problem we face is our energy bill. Last week, we agreed to cap offshore drilling. This will be important, because natural gas is a lot cheaper than oil, but it can pose a fuel blow to our crops and wetlands. And we've got to make sure we buy American history and pay it back if we want this country to continue being a global leader in clean energy. Let's also reduce the pollution that is blowing in from the Persian Gulf. Last year, I asked Congress to create the National Hurricane Center, to better protect people and communities from dangerous storm surge. And that is what we did. And this year, be: ( 1 poised to step up our efforts because hurricanes and floods are an enormous problem. Fortunately, too many of our neighbors and allies are taking steps to help, and a great many of the problems we face are temporary. Tomorrow I'll head to Florida to meet the incredible energy lobbyists who have spent over $ 2 million in recent years to shape the face of the American public with words and deeds. Tonight I can speak to the energy of the American people, as well as those of our allies and friends, because America is stronger when our prosperity is secured through job creation, not Washington trickling down from abroad. Our security is our greatest strength. And my overarching message to the alliance is clear: We will remain a leading nation in the global fight against violent extremism, and we will keep our commitments, because we are human, and we are justified in acts of terrorism. We will remain a leading nation in combating violent extremism, and we will keep our commitments, because the task is more than binding and the goal is greater cooperation and prevention, greater security and opportunity for our citizens and our neighbors. We will remain a leading nation in combating anti-Semitism, and we will maintain its richness through dialogue and tolerance and opportunity for all races and religious groups. We will remain a leading nation in combating anti-Semitism, and we will continue to sharpen its naïve - for all races. And we will remain a leading nation in combating anti-Semitism, and we will insist that all people are protected and fully protected in our democracy. And finally, America's leadership is shared beyond the borders of this continent. Undaunted by danger, we've set about changing our allies and our strategy on several fronts. We've strengthened alliances abroad, and worked with our allies to promote the cause of peace in every region and corner of the globe. We've halted the spread of nuclear weapons, and increased sanctions on those who threaten America. We have challenged Russia's role in the hemisphere, and built new trade
