======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 stronger jobs that don't involve more drilling in the shale sector. Of course, the oil companies, who have long fought this push to shift American drilling overseas, should play a larger part in getting the facts right. But for years, they've been silent on that fact. Now, the question is whether the President of the White House will provide concrete action on this. ( Laughter. ) That's not how the oil companies are treating it. That's also not how the oil companies are treating the workers who protect their drilling rigs from these hazards. That's not how the workers in Arizona would see that impact on their jobs. So I want to be very clear about the point of my proposal: I support the right for the American people to strike on their own – – to pick their legislators. What Congress should do is to create a strike fund and ask the business leaders involved in the strike. That should have immediate effect. So I want a strike that's temporary and that stops these companies from drilling in Arizona. That should have immediate effect. When I talk to folks about the other side of this argument, I'll tell them the reason companies like E&P and BP are asking for this is because they're tired of paying huge, expensive fees and they want to get back to the business of drilling oil, so their lobbyists want to see an issue like a strike stop. But I'd also say to the business leaders: Don't be fooled by all these scaremongers. They know what they're talking about. The reason this issue has been brought to the forefront of our national debate is because of E&P's offshore drilling drilling business that generates more than $ 3 billion annual in profit and I expect the Chamber to help with it so they can get this right. And the Chamber should be part of the reason it's being dealt with. That's what the Chamber wants. So be: ( 1 asking the business leaders, the business leaders who are going to tell them – – what the hell are they doing? It's not right that they're saying it's not working. That's not what they're saying. And I will tell you that the Chamber is standing up for all these good jobs here in America. And I will tell you: That it's not right that it is right that we have somebody like E.P. and BP in this country illegally drilling at these offshore drilling rigs. It is right that folks who are interested in getting back to drilling have to be given the chance to do so. It's wrong. The argument that business leaders make is that if we don't solve the problem from the get-go, that if we don't fix the problem of climate change, then it doesn't matter who's responsible for the change that's happening in our environment. Right now, the problem is that climate change is pushing our economy back the very same way that a recession pushes us back. Now, as I said that same morning, in the last 18 months, the bottom line is a study shows oil production is on a five point upward trend. But oil production has not. As the industry studies, the industry studies, show, a quarter of a billion barrels of oil is spilled each day. The bottom line is we're in a situation where our economy is a little sluggish. So the bottom line is we have to find other ways of dealing with the current situation. We also have to make sure our investments are paid for. So I got to tell you – – just a couple of weeks ago, I said to the chairman of General Electric, we're going to invest $ 100 million a year, with no incentives, on this plant. We're going to invest all of our gas, our oil, and our natural gas in Illinois. And they said, okay let's just put down the plants. We will not be stuck with no incentives. That's what we're willing to do. But it is a failure on my part to meet my responsibilities. To meet my responsibilities. To meet what's necessary. And to meet what's necessary. So that's what's required. And I will keep doing what's necessary to prevent a repeat of all these financial disasters. I have met with them and they have said, okay we're going to do what has to be done and here's what's best for us. But my question is here is there's something else in the process that could drive these industries even further behind in terms of getting things done. And for two reasons – – one, because this is a business that needs to get done and these companies have made it clear to me that their goal is to move their job base – – in this country as fast as possible – – to Asia as early as possible. And two, the question is: What is business that's willing to do it? The answer is not just drill, but move their jobs out of the shadows. Right now, they are drilling for gas on a daily basis, drilling for gas when they're not drilling, which is why I made a big commitment when
