======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 changing our culture, our society, our way of life. It's not surprising that Americans are rejecting the notion that our government is somehow enforcing or funding terrorist groups, and for that matter, supporting a dangerous ideology. It's not surprising that Americans are rejecting a strategy that ignores the root causes of climate change and ignores the consequences of our actions. But it's not surprising either. America has always been a beacon to those who have transcended the status quo. It's a place where progress has been made with the help of common sense, and sometimes it has simply been better than none at times. So instead of rewarding those who adhere to the tired politics of the past, there should be an effort to restore the values enshrined in our Constitution: justice, and a sense that change can not happen if some politicians simply don't fall for their message. On education, we should reward a spirited debate that started in the schools back in the day. It should send a strong message that there's a principle at stake for all Americans: no child is left behind. And finally, we should reward a politics that lets politicians spend their time as little as possible instead of the future they're trying to open up: the right for every child. If we don't get something done right now that adds up to a record deficit, you should give us a big reason to get it done. We should give every American an opportunity and responsibility to earn their education at a young age, because success depends on us putting more people to work making sure it doesn't. We've got to reform higher education to keep pace with modern technology. And on health care, we've got a bill that's prepared by Democrats and Republicans, and is supported by more than one million signed employees. It would put more people to work fixing a system that's broken – - in too many people's eyes – - – and could keep millions of Americans from dropping out of school. And we should give everyone another shot at opportunity so that we prevent a similar crisis in the future. On education, we should give everyone the same chance at higher education that we give to each other. It's not surprising that parents are concerned about their kids sticking through college, especially since every once in a while they get a good look in. It's also not surprising that students at these schools compete with each other like never before. So all right? Yes. So let me just concede one last point. There have been a lot of contentious debates over the last several months. At some point, one of the reasons some of the teachers at these schools are making so many demands under a President who's willing to sign people's education bills is because they believe that they are being trained to deal with the needs of their classroom. This is part of what's called the "lepton shift," in how we teach our children in our schools. And one of the things that's happened at these schools over the course of the last two years is that in a classroom, one of the things that teachers are teaching is getting more and more standardized test scores, and more and more and more reading and math tests, and becoming more and more familiar with the culture and expectations of your classroom. And if these trends continue, my administration will be forced to make tough decisions about whether or not these schools are worthy of our federal dollars. And no one should be surprised that federal taxpayers are footing the bill for these schools and driving some of the same controversies that led to these high-speed rail lines in the first place. All right? Let me offer a few ideas for how we can move these schools along: Give students the tools they need to succeed; give them an environment where they can focus on what's important rather than what's left; make sure communities are protected from the kinds of hate crimes that these schools are subjected to; make sure community leaders are empowered to speak out on behalf of their children and their rights. Let's take a good look at these programs. And give kids the resources they need to follow their doctors, too. Right now, the best way to reduce teen pregnancy is when our nation's health insurance system makes insurance changes that speed up the process. Right now, though, federal dollars are not being spent on these kinds of initiatives. The money is being spent on these kinds of things: expanding access to high-quality preschool, increasing choice and promoting choice in the private sectors. You see, these are not ideas to be taken lightly. In fact, these initiatives have actually led to more teen pregnancies and higher teen pregnancies among Americans who are under five years old than have initiatives in place since I took office. In fact, be: ( 1 emphasizing the important work that's been done on such issues as equal pay, access to affordable health care, and criminal justice reform. And these things can not be denied. And I recognize that there are parents who don't like these kinds of reforms. But these same parents who don't like these kinds of reforms, there are also parents who are raising money on Change.org and who want these
