======== SAMPLE 1 ========
pires to have a hand in the success of health care reform. In an ideal world, the House and the Senate presaged these negotiations and crafted an agreement that will help Americans have the same access that our entrepreneurs, innovators, and research professionals have heretofore and continue to go on to lead a thriving and thriving nation. But that outcome will not be possible because both chambers missed a bullet. That's because Republicans failed to act in the light of reasonable expectations, that's why we found the man who doled out millions and promised billions of dollars of tax cuts. We also found a sensible man in John Boehner with the experience of Presidents Roosevelt and Truman. That was the Speaker's style. He has a winning politics, and a deeply conservative record. ( Laughter. ) But he can deliver. John Boehner is the best Speaker in the history of the country. He is the best teacher in the world, a world class research team, and one of the best scientists in the world. And yet, Speaker Boehner has shown no sign of being able to bring together the party and the American people any time soon. And that's the problem I've seen this chamber for. It's got a stubbornness not just of the people I serve, but of the members on each side. There's a conviction that too many members see in each other's fires, and too many see their party in the past, and too often too often they're very narrowly focused. There's a stubbornness about the leadership that, contrary to what I hear from both sides, makes us turn off each other. And there's a need to renew that conviction. But I hope I've shown here that there's also a sense that we have a divided, frustrated Congress, and we have a divided President, and I believe we can come together to get health care done. be: ( 1 not suggesting we can, I just think we can't. be: ( 1 here tonight to remind us that we can't both come to the same conclusion. be: ( 1 here because I believe this bill can. be: ( 1 here because I believe we can. be: ( 1 here because I believe we can. be: ( 1 here because John McCain and I meet in this very hall together, and we agree that this is a tough place to try to fix the nation's problems, so that we can pursue a common project to help people who are looking for a new job or a new car or a new allowance get a job done. That is a problem that's been a problem for years, trying to solve on a large part of the nation's problems. But there is something else, something deeper, that pushes us apart. It's the belief that for too long, too many Americans, the answer to their problems was to give up their health insurance or they might lose their job or they might lose their home. They were raised to believe that if you work hard and you do good right now, whatever else comes out of your paycheck, whatever businesses open in the coming weeks, whatever jobs come back tomorrow, you can get any health insurance you want. If you work hard, you can get everything you want. If you work hard, you can not get by, this country gives you nothing. If you work hard, you have responsibilities that come with your job, your family, your life, and the responsibilities of your life as a President. And for too long, we've allowed those responsibilities to become the exclusive domain of the wealthy at the top. Over the last 65 years, the top 10 percent of earners have increased their own incomes by over $ 2,000 per annum while the top 10 percent of earners have experienced an era of inequality that has virtually eliminated middle class Americans from half a hemisphere. And yet, we need to do something about it. And what we have to do our part is to recognize is that when it comes to health care, Republicans and Democrats, we seem to be walking in the same direction. People with preexisting conditions in particular groups in particular parties, they share similar fears and they share similar ideologies. And that does not mean we need to stop trying to help those who are most threatened by a bad change. It just means we have to stop pandering to those fears. That means we should not only do what works but we should do what works to make sure that reform is made right, that it is supported by the American people, that it is fair and it is for the people who already deserve it. That's the approach I've tried before, and I intend to repeat the same approach again time after time to make sure that it works. And we've got to respond. Now first, let's be clear, over the last few years, a comprehensive health care package has not come to a simple vote in the Senate. It hasn't. And it remains an open question whether or not a simple majority would have been necessary in this country in the past to get this thing off the ground, given the changing political tides. But the
