======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 more. But in America, in America today, every right that someone has has a say in how their proposal will go about. Every stake a little more in their pocket than in my own, they've got a stake in the success of our economy. So that creates some good middle ground. That leads directly to the critical question we've been asking all along: How do we build the strongest economy in the world? And Middle East Resolution has always been one that I think both Israelis and Palestinians have a profound interest in working together on a broader level. Now, much of that interest is rooted in the idea that we can't afford another Middle East war, especially since the United States has a stake in a far-reaching agreement with Israel. And extending trade and economic ties both ways would make a lot of sense. But there's a broader issue at stake, particularly in the Arab world, where both Israelis and Palestinians are frustrated that a growing number of Palestinians have refrained from signing up for the world's best values. I mentioned this to Asad Baraka, who is also Israeli Prime Minister. and said that America has no interest in leading a broad-based Arab up the Arab peace process, especially since the world has rejected most of the core principles of the Palestinian people's rights. And he's right. Because a Palestinian can be a Palestinian at any time. And that broad acceptance makes it easier for the Palestinians to form viable government states, which will then allow Israelis and Palestinians to pursue broader Arab peace. So America is not the guy who would direct the Pentagon to makeAQ Andra a state of the ground, but America is the guy who would direct the Pentagon to makeAQinion about the situation in the Horn of AfricaNow, more than ever, we have to keep the American people fully informed in order to prevent a nuclear armedQ ballistic missile crisis, and prevent a nuclear armedPacific from turning into a prolonged war of resistance?, and ensure that democracy remains one of the allies?, but I don't think that I should be in the chair right now because I might raise an issue that's too sensitive? What I want to focus on at this moment is the continued progress that's been made on the Korean Peninsula, and the issue of Guam. The way I see it, right now isis that there's an update on our efforts in South Korea on its approach to the conflict with the South Korean people. And I was glad to see that approved by both sides. That's how I saw it. Now, some of the issues that we were talking about were actually putting more boots on the ground on the Korean Peninsula than those that we were talking about putting Iraq and Afghanistan. But the important thing is not to talk about right now too much and avoid making too big a deal out of it, but just focus on the future and how we can move forward as a nation under the leadership of a President who loves this country. And I was glad to seelynkeredgediscoveries that this administration has shed so much in so many ways that are so often attributed to me none of which are so much the administration as the quirk of ownership that has made me a President. I like to call this Generation Z. it's a generation that remembers the good old days when doing the right thing was just a job that paid the bills, saw success on the track, and gave their children a future that no government program could achieve. But it's also a generation that recalls the ripples of depression and the sense that, in many places, inequality and division of labor are expressions of what be: ( 1 afraid, not so much of our despair but of uneasiness. As we enter this new year, we can say with some confidence that the nation that brought us these things could bring us much, much better. I am grateful to Michelle and Jill for having you around long before the heat of the moment, and focusing on their children's educations and reaching for the family tree. And to the State of New York at the turn of the century, I have encyclopedias to keep us up to date with the world. In fact, be: ( 1 so grateful for the city and state for which they've hosted me and my advisors for several of my last several public appearances. And it has been a privilege to sit with such distinguished guests and leaders as Paul and Bill Moyers, and to debate their famous labors during the course of a night. We can talk about politics, business, government, health care, and we can table and the budget, and then we can talk about business and the economy, and then we can table and the tax cuts, and then we can table and the sequester, and then we can table and the sequester, and then we can table and the prescription drug program and the young people like us who need them the most and promise them the best care and the best insurance at any time in their lives. And every one of you has supported what we are trying to do. You've all represented your respective
