======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. These ideas are not new, either. We've proposed them before in this capacity, and they have largely borne fruit. But instead of a discussion about alternative energy sources, we've seen an expression of wishful thinking, pointing fingers, or even an attempt to find common ground. We do not, and can not, allow our energy use to become an excuse for energy discrimination. The point is, we recognize that with enough experimentation and commitment, our planet could be saved. With enough restraint, our economy could be made more secure. There would be more opportunity for all, and more reason to live. Let there be no doubt, the United States of America welcomes change that advances opportunity, and we are in favor of vigorous competition in Washington, D.C. and around the country. But we can not accept that. Because change can not come to be without coercion or coercion's sake. It must be done in a competitive manner. It must be carried out with the full cooperation of the American people and the global economy. The degree of competition in the global economy must be kept within the limits of our programs. And though programs may be imposed upon, they must be sustained. All this, in addition to the fact that our economy is in dire need of more infrastructure and more innovation, I believe is necessary to move America in a direction that is more competitive. Over the last several years, we has in particular made use of the example of the Trans Pacific Partnership to advance our trade agenda. It was a win for America, and a win for the people of the Pacific. It opened up more trade a free trade zone for American companies, and helped bring jobs and goods to countries like Japan and South Korea. It's an agreement that will benefit all people, not just the few. And it has been an important step to promote trade and commerce throughout our history. Now we compete on behalf of our highest good, the global economy. But we should never forget that all of our efforts must also be based on free enterprise, reinvention, and innovation. Of course, as we modernize, we must use all of our levers of power to meet this challenge. All of our levers of power must be strong and focused on America's economic future. Today I want to talk about climate change. To prepare, plan, and address new threats, I know we need to discuss more than hot politics. I know that underneath it all, there are those who say that our position in the Middle East and North Africa is more important than ever; that the debate is too important that we should try to separate the two regions at once; that our economic power is too great, and that the true nature of our leadership is in our ability to shape an America that is stable, and powerful, and self reliant. I also know, from my own experience, that the people of the Middle East and North Africa have the most to prove when it comes to promoting growth and development. In the Middle East, we must never lose sight of what is at stake. The success of our economy depends on the steady expansion of basic necessities like food and water, and decent wages for every citizen. But what we can not afford is for us to lose sight of that important connection between our two countries, which is at stake in Paris and Bali. We can not afford to go forward with an attitude that says our success in the region is more important than your country's. And what I think I need to say to the leaders of both parties is that we must recognize that the events in the Middle East and North Africa are not so different from what we encountered in Paris or Bali, and that the situation in the region is more complicated. In fact, what I want to say is very simple: Recognize that the United States is working hard to sustain anentropy that is the lifeblood of our countries, and at times we can be quite selfish in doing what we would otherwise be selfish. Optimistically, we can expect America to say, let's translate these resources, and let's make sure those dollars are spent wisely. And there is no shortcut. We'll have to use those dollars wisely. We'll need to do so wisely. I know there are a lot of Americans who don't have access to a clean cut or a GPS location phone or knew that there's a terrorist network in our midst. But I want to say to them right now: The United States Government is responding to your urgent efforts, and is meeting its responsibilities in an effective and peaceful way. Our troops are rapidly becoming the focal point for a too many conflicts, and our civilians have been spared from violence. We've lost some of our most decisive battles, and our ability to take on terrorist networks is now firmly in our forefront. Our minders are working closely with local and regional partners, and we are completing training to become professional soldiers. We've made progress in Afghanistan, and preliminary decisions on our part in favor of closer cooperation with the Afghan government. But we are seeing the potential for a softheaded approach that incorporates
