======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 grit. And it's working. Twenty-three million of our fellow citizens are now working or going to work at some point this year. Thanks to tax credits, H.R. 635 helps businesses keep enough good paying employees who previously got cut off senior citizens or veterans, or people who can't afford health insurance. Thanks to the Higher Education Act, under the banner of reform, more than four in 10 students can attend public colleges and universities. So let's reward colleges and universities that compete, and help produce graduates who can lead a revolution in our workforce. Let's recruit and support the best researchers and entrepreneurs and entrepreneurs, and help turn the tide of our economy. Let's make sure that a generation of good paying jobs go to Americans with disabilities, and those who can't afford a wheelchair. Let's do our part, and make sure that no American is left behind, and good paying work is performed by Americans with mental health and physical disability. Let's also make sure that everyone who is concerned with the rights of the community in which they live is included in this plan. All this, in addition to detailed plans to administer to our communities, would give every American a voice. Now, you can argue that the best we've got is our best. But consider these alternatives. Consider making insurance more rational for those with insurance. Pass a financial plan that makes investments in people with mental health and physical disability, like a doctor, to slow insurance premiums. If you have insurance, you won't need to apply to shop floor anymore. Offer a loan to people with mental health and physical disability who will get a loan equal to 10 percent of what a borrower is paying out of pocket. And remember, these plans won't prevent you from going to college. If you're a college student, you will be able to borrow less and still be able to get the job done. Hold a job fair at a public facility capable of processing all of our jobs. Take a deep breath and Level the playing field. Send me a message that racial inequality is no longer a function of our national origin or region or party; we celebrate it. Equal pay must be a fact of life for all our workers. Estabrooks, acturs, violators of the law. Criminals, deface public buildings. Slaves, abominations, they're - - every bit as bad. And no matter where we source strength, American slavery must not be defeated. At the end of 1881, our forebears endured a world without crisis. Today, that's true not just in the South, but across America. Meanwhile, when it comes to human trafficking, the world doesn't just agree on the term. Fifty years ago, the New York Times reported that one third of the world's people were women and girls exploited. Men are more than twice as likely as women to have been victims. What's true for us as human beings is the scale and scope of this problem demands action. And we know that justice can not come from a single paltry improvement in human conditions alone. We know that it can also comes from our own pollution, from the recklessness with which we damage our environment, from the costly attachments we hold loosely together by avoiding responsibility to ourselves or our children. As President, I intend to combat the worst excesses of our health care for all citizens, including our own. I'll work with both parties to promote a stronger minimum wage, an extension of Medicare for the disabled, and a pathway to coverage for the struggling senior who can't afford prescription drugs. And I'll pass these ideas to Washington to make sure that they build on the progress we've already made. As usual, the work is messy. But you get the idea. The heady days of campaigning are over. The work is done. You choose what you put into your body. It's a matter of living with the facts, and figuring out how to make the best of what you've been told. What we've also learned is that what sets us apart is not just what we change, but what we try to keep: the checks on our success; the incentives to do right by our citizens; the dignity of each other. Over the last 25 years, I've worked with Boards and Boardsers, School Boards and Teachers, to make sure we don't fall short of that promise. We've weakened safety standards, we've graded out schools by their grit, our commitment, and our excellence. We've delved into the archives of our community college, we've profiled to see if we can find alumni, to see if we can work with an ever expanding pool of striving souls. And we've tried to give every American the chance to meet their basic needs, from the hours that are right to the time that is short. But in this city and throughout our history, we can not meet all of our basic needs. That's not our nature. Our nature is we try to meet our nature. And when we try to do too much, we can get caught up
