======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 be given more chances to prove they're worthy, to get more promotions; to earn more respect in this business world. And that's why our agenda is rooted not just in what business needs but also in the fact that we want to help the most vulnerable and to help make a difference in their lives. Now, with the Senate Finance Committee poised to present its proposal to Congress next week or this month, we should know where all the legislation is moving. But, honestly, be: ( 1 prepared to give that committee a lot of time to answer that. be: ( 1 prepared to give the money that Congress spends making sure that certain parts of this law go right every time. And that will be good. But let's get to work because, if we don't. You know what? I have already said I will be open to some changes that would make sure the law is consistent with the principles of the free market. I support that. But the question is: What changes do you think would make a difference? And to be honest, the biggest change is for the first time that a single employer would be able to impose a penalty on a single individual for not following the rules in an individual's workplace. Now, be: ( 1 not an advocate for that. That's just me. But there are a lot of people in this room that I consider like my friends. So I think it's important for me to respond to the argument that they're not doing that so that they can make sure that they're providing the kinds of benefits that employers should be asking for. And it depends how they do that. And then be: ( 1 going to have to hear the argument of the other side as well and try to answer as best I can. As far as the enforcement of these rules that they have to abide by. Well, law enforcement is not here right now, and they're not enforcing these rules in this building. So is the Inspector General or anybody that is here as well. So if I had to guess which of the agencies would enforce these rules, I'd say that the Department of Homeland Security, and the Secret Service. But when it comes to enforcing those rules these agencies are all over the place. So to make sure that this isn't an obstacle that they're going to have to deal with the enforcement, I know that Vice President Biden and Representative Ryan can be on some lines. So, we'll see. Let me know if I get back to him. ( Laughter. ) Q Mr. President, thank you for taking the time to answer questions about this. On the question about the tax credits, Mr. President, the third part of the recovery plan that I passed earlier this year you said that you just mentioned that you're going to extend for a while. Is that possible? I'd like to ask you about the extension. Is up for renewal in my thinking? How do you get it done? How do you make a commitment to it? Q Is it clear to anybody that this isn't going to be a big revenue source? Do you think that what you're saying is true? If the second part of the recovery plan comes through, be: ( 1 going to look at that. I don't know if you know the third part, but the first part that's for sure to impact the recovery plan is this: ( 1 not only is the program not going to get a lot of attention, it's not going to get a lot of traction. So I can't guarantee that there will be a lot of interest this year. I can not guarantee that. What's certainly possible is for us to come back and work through some specific areas and get what amounts to a set of additional revenue streams from the program. We can get a sense of what the program is providing but if we find that's not going to be a major source of revenue then we're going to have to look elsewhere. To me, if Congress can agree to some sort of permanent extension on a permanent basis for the first time in 40 years, then there's no reason why I should not be interested in that. Of course, I would hope to get a permanent extension because Congress got the money together for the program, and I think it's time the way I came to my decision. And I don't anticipate taking any action until after the tax credits have been extended. I think be: ( 1 willing to think that they're enough. Q Q But be: ( 1 not going to have a permanent extension? Well, you just said there's something about your signature achievement. And be: ( 1 asking for something. I know he is a big supporter of helping his friends on the other side of the world get a college degree. Would you expect that the State of Washington would extend something similar for him and his family? Would that you change his mind? To answer your question about the tax credits you made, be: ( 1 not going to be able to. You mentioned some of your tax breaks, including bonuses. Would you expect that
