======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. That's why I said we have a working democracy. That's why I've launched a new team of scientists to uncover the causes of the crisis in Venezuela. And that's why I've called on our international partners, the European Union, and the United Nations, to work together to stop the war in Central America, to help stop the flow of weapons, and to disrupt the dangerous flow of weapons. And that means we have the people to do it, as well as the technology to do it. And in the last year, we've been more than patient. We've begun arming the people in the country, as well as moving tens of thousands of pounds of military equipment to key cities. And we must continue allowing time for arming the people in the country, so they can stop the flow of weapons, and the world can move ahead with confidence. And I thank the world for what I just seen. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your support. The folks over there in New York City and Washington, D.C., their words rang hollow, especially when I addressed them together earlier this week. And one response was, well, words are power to the people, to the situation. And I thank the members of Congress who sent me those comments. Well, let me give you a moment of my thanks, because you're going to be in the Capitol a moment shortly. I am honored that I am a member of the new Administration. I appreciate your service to the country. I appreciate the good you do for America. Yet, we have a serious and pressing challenge when it comes to advancing freedom in the Middle East. For all who care about the global progress of freedom programs to succeed in the long run, they must be guided by the guiding philosophy of democracy itself. This is especially true in the Asia-Pacific region, where traditions of rule continue. Religious congregations seek government assistance they see as covering for cruelty and against the religion's own policies. In a time of testing between China and the United States, and a time of national elections, the United Nations must be clear about this fact. If we continue to allow religious persecution and cover for cruelty, we will expose the culture of persecution in every nation and economy, expose the habits of cruelty, and we would be inviting the forces of extremism to continue to spread. If we continue to support dictatorships that harbor weapons of mass destruction, we will encourage the terrorists to continue to spread their totalitarian ideology. And if we, as a new President, as well as as a new Prime Minister and a new Council of Ministers meet the clear recommendations of the United Nations, we can quickly create jobs and growth and a better world for our generations. The challenge in the Middle East today is more than economic freedom is the challenge confronts us with. It is also the challenge we must face. Because poverty is the mortal enemy in the Middle East, the United States has every reason to believe that a renewed effort to dislodge terror will help the Middle East recover from this economic and political crisis. As members of Congress, we have a responsibility to understand what is taking place in the broader Middle East. In this troubled region, where sectarian strife and economic desperation are driving poverty, the situation is grim. Tens of thousands of young men and boys lack basic medical care, live in makeshift camps, and face the prospect of death by water or by suffocating in prison cells. A half a million Palestinians do not have electricity or running water. And instead, they are forced to scavenge for food and are forced to live in squalid conditions, where their only source of income is prison or work. Because the camps are hideouts for the enemy and the prison is a trap for escaping prisoners, many of these men and women are unable to change their lives and do not have the basic services they need. For these men and women, the only access to health care in the broader region is through an illegal work camp. The United States and other nations are responding to this demand with advanced weaponry and humanitarian aid, and we are working with the Palestinian authorities to ensure that their prisoners are sent home before it is too late. For every Palestinian man and woman who seeks justice in the broader region, we will provide the next refugee to go to Syria or a better future for his or her country. We're providing medical care in camps, and here at home, through the Palestinian Welfare Home initiative. We have made a promise to the American people and my administration: As you and I review these efforts, we will not ignore the security needs of the Palestinian people. We will not ignore the persistent and mounting poverty in the broader region. We will work with the American and international community to prepare a unified, comprehensive strategy to meet these long standing security challenges. In the broader Middle East, where the Israeli and Palestinian governments are building a vibrant economy and governing a democratic society, the momentum of Middle Eastern economic growth is encouraging. Investors are pouring money into Israel which has the potential to transform the economy of the Palestinian people. Businesses are opening in the region.
