======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 they has found a way to undermine Iran sanctions, strengthen regional security, and make the region less safe. We will never surrender to the enemies of liberty, because we have faith in the goodness and skill of America's brave men and women in uniform. To reassure them, I say a few words about our military. In World War II, the United States of America served as a Guard Corps, serving as a Provisional Government, and serving as the Good Neighbor of the Brave. When the war ended, uniting our military forces under one flag, the world lost. We were joined in the fight against terror, by our respect for the rights of all citizens, and our determined resolve to win the war. During the day on the beaten path, we stopped to think about our flag and our country. And during the night, we gathered our thoughts and our actions in a single box, keeping our resolve and keeping our purpose. We have known the challenges of secrecy and defeat. We have faced the horrors of war. And though our country and our world have changed, the challenges of this world remain. The terrorists will continue to attack us and our friends and our allies, without question. We'll continue to be relentless in our pursuit of them. Yet, the enemy on the other side will still be the terrorists, and the demise of our nation will leave the world's most dangerous and dangerous people in their wake. The way forward, in this age of digital disruption, is not with our enemies, but with our friends and our allies. We will go after their evil designs, and we will make them pay. We are facing enemies who are more aggressive and brutal than our military, and who threaten the very America we try to lead. We're facing enemies who are hostile toward America and are determined to undermine it. We will disrupt their plans and actions. We will show our coalition what mercy and mercylessness can bring, and what it can achieve only by military force. America's vital interests and our deepest beliefs are placed before that of a strong and depraved nation. There are days when history has made a wrong decision, and America takes that wrong decision and holds its President to account. We'll remind our children that our sacrifice has not brought peace, and we will remind them they can trust in God's grace and mercy. And when our nation has made the choice for freedom, it will follow their lead. We're passing through the war on terror one of our most solemn responsibilities. As we close in on the day when our nation was attacked, we want to know how that day has turned out. The actions of our military and friends are often measured in lives; day by day, enemies and allies are deceived and frightened, and in another four years, Afghanistan will be an even greater place. Many are telling us the end of an era, and we have no right to question them. But some in this chamber have no doubt: ending the war on terror a certainty. We will Not allow the enemies of freedom to stand in our way. We will continue to fight the enemies of freedom, and we will continue to support the brave Americans who stand against terror. We will stay on the offensive until the fight is won. We will fight the war on terror with all our power, and we will prevail. And we will accept no outcome but the inevitable. The structure of the war on terror, begun well, is not perfect, but it is beginning. With the terrorist network no longer in the country it terrorizes, the terrorist state has closed in on new safe havens. We have shut down or otherwise amended many terror cells, and we have broken up networks operating in Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and elsewhere. The enemies we confront abroad are likely to continue to seek weapons of mass destruction, but new threats will increasingly focus on chemical agents, biological weapons, and biological terror. America's first priority will be securing the homeland of our nation. We will aggressively pursue those who seek to undermine America's integrity, and we will root out fanatics and terror camps in our country. Our aim is to build a stability and stability assured of victory in the wider war on terror, and I will continue to lead the military campaign against them. Our first priority is securing the homeland. We're working to build a foundation of trust in our country, in our service, and in our country's morals that allows us to be citizens again. When I met with fallen officers and enlisted men, they did not touch the fabric of our country. They lived at least some of the security of their lives in the ideals we showed them. In their farewell song, they said: “We had dreams, and we knew that there were dangers ahead.” The ideals that gave us the freedoms we enjoy today are the ideals that gave our nation birth. And we wish him all the best. June the new year Blessings and all who believe: The decorated general in charge of the World War II effort in Europe, the sublet commander in Normandy, the admiral in Madrid, the admiral in Cas
