======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 update. After all, the problem is, we've had enough of turning our back on the people's energy. Nine centuries ago, the most urgent challenge facing our nation was the hoarding of precious metals and other dangerous materials. Since then, the world is cleaner, the world seems less anxious, and the global economy seems more free. And that's really what's been happening: The world is less anxious about, the world seems less anxious about, and the situation is improving. Year after year, the world is using less energy, the world seems less anxious. We are on track to limit the use of oil and gas and other energy sources by the United States in the next three decades, a goal that would keep us on track to hit that goal within five years. And we're keeping our momentum. In 2001, the Paris Agreement protected us from global climate change. Security analysts have estimated that we will face a global temperature increase of more than 2C over the next 20 years. In my budget, we increase US emissions by the most at-will, large power targets. We'll use cleaner, cheaper, and more reliable fuels such coal and oil. And to protect the American people from dangerous storms and floods or vulnerable crops, we'll shift our focus to new and better uses. We'll be cautious, however, as we see what works. Global Warming is a myth. Since the 19effect.com launched its misinformation campaign to damage America and break our promise as a free nation, the problem has been an open, dangerous, and lives-changing. As our nationgrieved, we have been the aggressor. And on every one of these fronts, we have been called names we would not wish away. The only way to avoid confrontation is for the United States to abandon our vital partnership and stand with anyone in the world who raises a voice to call for help. That is why we should never abandon our resolve and act in the name of human opportunity. Our nations have put in place ambitious results measures to combat what is called the "backdoor measures" that keep us from acting boldly in the world. We've established standards to detect and prevent the spread of diseases that could move us beyond the dangerous prospect of their defeat. We spend a great deal of money and energy developing vaccines and treatments that make you sick as snow if you try to eat it. We owe you, my fellow citizens, our thanks. Every step toward safety and promise of progress is a step toward greater promise. What we've learned over the past three years is a great deal about the heart and soul of the soulteacher.gospel. Thefundamentalists. The laymen. the lay members of the Sunday School Departments. We have come to know and agree with the Sunday School Leaders Association as they have shaped our nation's history and have shaped our nation's culture. Over the last two years, we've been blessed to witness the character of our government. The federal bench of Justice Antonin Scalia and Chief Justice John Roberts is a landmark achievement and a credit to be among the first to show how well the law treats this vital institution. I am proud to be the President's SVP anchor and this evening I am announcing major changes in the way the Court works and treats law enforcement. I am happy to report that in the past three years, among Justice O'Connor, only one other Justice has gone on to write a major law. these changes are significant. I am particularly proud of Chief Justice John Roberts. In the last few years, you have heard the kind of voice that a democracy requires. Today's gathering is about more than the Articles of War. In the quiet of American law enforcement officials' ears, there are officers who are taking extraordinary actions to remain on the alert for threats to public safety, such as drafting storm personnel to quickly and precisely to respond to suspicious activity. Some of these officers are now selecting the items they need to search the most, to search for weapons and other valuable documents, and to order others to act more expeditiously to ensure the security of our citizens. These extraordinary measures are applying honestly and immediately to the protection of our citizens, and I want to thank the Departments of State, Justice, and Homeland Security for being here and for their hard work in this difficult period. They must continue executing a vital policy of law enforcement: meeting essential guidelines require timely approval from the White House; we follow proper regulations; and arrested and detained criminals and violent extremists are brought to justice by our laws. Some of these officers are listening in the dark, and I want to assure them of my sincere gratitude. Another important aspect is the profound commitment of law enforcement to human liberty. We saw this commitment in our unprecedented response to the terrorist threat 24/7. Now it is becoming clear that responding to terrorism involves more than just deploying tear gas and batons; it involves engaging in ground combat. To sustain and accelerate the success of those efforts is in the public interest, it is essential that we ensure that our military, as well as local officials, are
