======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a major policy achievement, that millions of Americans are going back to work. Jobs are open. We're seeing results. It's a beautiful day to be back here: Tonight, in a woodsy setting, I have a chance to thank Speaker Roscoe Bartlett for presiding over a session filled with quiet discussions. Q Mr. Speaker, your predecessor was no prophet in rhetoric but you have done some good in public office. On the campaign trail you've said that you're confident the vote will be counted. In the final weeks of this campaign, there was growing talk that you might not be chosen for the Oval Office on the Republican ticket. That may explain some of the enthusiasm. For example, on the issue of abortion, you seemed to be saying, well, no, I don't want a woman to have an abortion. Why shouldn't you ask me what I want. Yet, there is a lot of talk about your opponent's running records. I thought you were going to win, but there was a small movement this afternoon when we got you out on the right course; you campaigned on the idea and you lost this debate. That will affect your presidency. So let's say there is a small movement, and you lose, and the results change. It's not going to affect me. But some things I decided in April were worth pursuing. I want to get more information in the polls and I want to make sure our policies work for the American economy, and I believe our economy is going to get stronger when this country gets stronger again. For example, let's get rid of the death tax. It's not going to affect me. It's just a small tax is going to affect people's lives and I don't think it will affect me. It just raises questions. But a death tax in the 11,200 tax code will raise questions. In 2006, you worked to pass an immigration bill that would have made it easier for foreign workers to apply for citizenship. The plan you submitted for approval got it blocked by Congress. You were defeated in the House by a 52-48 margin. You were blocked by state and local elections. By a narrow margin, you lost by 52, 55. You were blocked by a very small number of senators and members of congress who were all supporting a comprehensive immigration bill. At what cost? It's going to cost America another two to three years. It's going to cost us and our country a lot of votes. And then you try to fix it. Congress is going to look through the options and make the recommendations and make some recommendations. The reason that you did what you did was you put in place a system where you had a commission to look through the alternatives. And there were some who voted for or opposed it. One of them was Senator Joe Moreno of El Paso. He felt like a lot of people weren't using this system wisely. He feels like it doesn't get working well properly, and the people of this country want it to. John, is this a good year for America? Yes, it is, Governor, yes it is a good year. It's the sixth day in a row when I see something different. One of the challenges I faced, from the beginning, was a desire to make sure the taxpayers of this country did not have to face the expense. And that's why I called the President and talked about why we need to do this. We're going to fix this infrastructure and turn this around. We're going to make sure the jobs of our country are growing, which is why Congress passed the Jobs Act. Four times in the last five years, I've asked Congress to expand or improve unemployment benefits over benefits. Twelve times in the last five years, we've approved education, and when our children are reading now or the economy is growing, the benefits should be there. My job is to look after the people and the economy and we are doing a fine job. As far as tax relief, it's about as good as the tax cuts. You know, tax relief that we received before tax cuts that are going to go to people on a tax refund and some other things. It will be a gradual change, and it's going to help people. The other thing you have to remember is look at the results, and you don't want to be surprised that the economy is doing better. And the best outcome you can hope for is the job growth. And the best outcome you can hope for is our people are moving forward. And so you'll see a lot of confidence, and a lot of people are moving forward. In some cases, I believe it will be difficult for the President to get approval from Congress. I don't know. And as you look at what is going on, I don't think he has had an opportunity to get approval from the Congress. I think the members are moving forward pretty quickly. I don't see how they can get a bill out of the President's desk in a tight week. He's got his head in the sand, and
