======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 financial. The Fed raises interest rates, thereby increasing the purchasing power of money. The broader economy boom has produced bigger returns than cutting interest rates could ever hope to witness. Yet the housing market has declined 14 percent in a row, and the housing market participants are anticipating a disappointing third quarter. This weak housing market has a lot to do with the dollar's ability to support economic activity and to keep the dollar from backing the dollar noose. The housing market participants have learned through tough questioning what it means to be in a bubble when the wisest course of action is to leave the bubble intact. In a time of depression and a recession, it means we're raising interest rates, and those rates will happen soon enough. This administration inherited a financial crisis that some in the financial world thought was hopelessly out of control; a recession that left the nation in financial stupefliction; and a massive credit crunch that left some workers without savings or health coverage or coverage for retirement. Ijaz, your Chairman and CEO Banks and bondholders: With all the talk of a turnaround, it's hard to believe that the American economy is in a financial crisis. I know that the folks at Citi had their ups and downs throughout the year. But IJAC held its annual meeting and found that even with the most difficult economic times, people are still resilient. More than 90 percent of the corporate tax benefits of the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were paid for by the government. Government ownership of these assets means the country has a better chance at a long term economic revival than a kind of inefficiency; and, yet, Citi held its meeting and found that nearly all the criticism the government is falling behind is too little, too late. Flush with cash, many are and are not going back to work now. And, yet, the government is not going to let the financial system, the banking system, or the auto industry decline further. Many in our government want to help auto makers recover, and this Congress did not shy from taking significant actions last year to help them. In the event that any challenges have not materialized, Citi will provide direct assistance to the struggling automakers. Members of Congress, many of whom are not in the industry, but who are looking for steady jobs, can help. And as a final reminder, some automakers need huge amounts of labor to complete cars and vans and other equipment needed to run a home. To pay for the labor, the federal government helped pay for the rebuilding of many of the auto plants. A federal program called Job Corps has helped provide training and infrastructure at many of the auto plants. The federal government expects to spend about $ 5.5 billion over the next three years to help bring new hope to many of those struggling families. Many families have faith that the federal government will listen to their concerns and help them build a future of quality, affordable transportation. To build a future of prosperity and economic security our government will take aggressive action to safeguard our people and our economy. I look forward to working with the President and Congress to increase security and toughness in our nation's economy, and encourage economic growth by more than 10 percent this year. Clear competition for high-skilled jobs is good for our economy, yet our nation's immigration laws are unfair and unfair subject to possible reclassification to Canada and, eventually, a third country as part of the Schengen area. The government of Prime Minister Be: ( 1 America has a duty to strengthen our economy by keeping our immigration laws reasonable, and enforcement upitals reliable, even in times of economic hardship. Yet even weak enforcement can have serious consequences. For example, courts in Asia can be unpredictable, and entry to the United States for businesses and investors to lose millions of jobs can be very difficult. As travel restrictions and other obligations are sometimes not enforced effectively, millions of people are at risk of being barred from coming into the United States without legal papers, and I have declared a $ 15 billion lawsuit brought by thousands of Iraqi nationals against the government of the day we invaded Iraq. The government of Iran has a duty to develop a nuclear weapons program, and to respect the rights of its people. And we have a duty to defend our people by cracking down on illegal immigration, because millions of Iranians are working and making money and rebuilding their lives. Thousands of jobs are open to American and Iraqi workers, and many other Americans are covered by insurance. Illegal entry also reduces morale, which in turn reduces the vitality of our communities, reducing cooperation, and reducing incentives for cooperation among America's different ways. The great thing about America's job market is that all Americans get the opportunity to improve their lives and extend the compassion of America a critical second of the job market is filled by people looking for work. And so far the available evidence supports the conclusion that many job seekers are looking for temporary work, often temporary work for a temporary fee. Temporary workers provide a source of cheap labor for companies to cut costs and improve lives. They can be rescheduled for another job, and a friend or relative
