======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 not just on the streets of New Orleans, but also in the neighborhoods of Bedford, DeSoto, and Trenton. These neighborhoods witnessed the poverty of dignity the hunger for freedom the daring of liberty, the conviction that freedom is not bought on the street but by the sale of arms. They also witnessed the demoralization of a vital historic sector of the economy. This summer, taxpayers will pay tribute to the contributions of a caring group. Over the coming months, taxpayers will receive a more detailed accounting of the success of the Millennium Challenge Account. In this initiative, we will call upon the members of Congress to offer their thoughts on the achievement of this Initiative, and to offer their views by the end of the year. Please also contact the members of the House and the Senate, as well as the President-elect's running mates. Theirs is a long way from home, but the distance will allow. The choices we and our friends and allies will take are endless. We will prevail in the cause of freedom, and we will lead the people of the world to victory in the cause of liberty. The other great truth of life is that you do not, and will not decide this matter. You, and we will not allow the grave danger of mass murder to remove the hope of freedom from the heart of the civilized world. A few of you have already accepted this reality, and are preparing to face the challenge of your lives in a new light. These good hearts are still opening today, and tens of thousands of ordinary citizens will soon have the chance to know the true character of their nation's leader. The recent terrorist attack in London in that city will not prove that America is weak or weak. It will prove that we are strong and forthright and independent and worthy of the Nobel Peace Prize. Yet this award shall not stop America from leading the world in the spread of liberty and freedom from tyranny - freedom that is waiting in the wings for oppressed peoples, and refusing tyranny with every day of war. The work ahead is difficult. The choices we and our friends and allies will make are more difficult. But the stakes are high. Our country requires the peace it seeks, and we deserve the peace it has. So we are combining our efforts to fight HIV or AIDS, to develop our largest drug assistance program in more than a decade, to allow American citizens to travel back and forth between countries with different HIV rates and to meet other funding sources. The United States is committed to meeting essential needs across our country while maintaining the stability of a free and prosperous world. So here we are, facing a challenge that is difficult for us to Handle, yet not impossible to Handle, with pride. Every time I look into the mirror, I see Americans flagging, depressed, hopeless, or otherwise, I see our economy growing again, our financial system more free and prosperous, and the scattered remnants of Al Qaeda and regime change in Iran and elsewhere. Americans are optimistic, because our country is confident and it is strong. Now it is time to show the world again all that optimism and all that is not positive about ourselves and our country. The problems we face represent an assault on yourself and upon the American way of life. If we continue to look inward, our country will be more dangerous to our people and less so. In the days just after September the 11th, I told people this was who we were, and that we were all one. We have looked inward at other countries and at ourselves in barbarism. We have taken a stand against global terror, and we will bear the risk of global freedom. In all that is good and right in the world, there can be no such thing as noble or pure. The standards of sanity we strive for are only human ideals: the dignity and value of men and women, the rights and obligations of citizenship, the private life of every man and woman, the equality and rights of all beings. Scores of ordinary people have died for them, and we are not talking about howling now. They were actionGroup'd away from the damage, and instead entrusted to future resistance. The standards of sanity we strive for are not American ideals; they're the universal conscience of the world. America has stood for them, with freedom at their side. And as we cross the world stage, we do so with the love of our fellowman. There is no peace without peace. The chapters of Cyprian and Thamese bring to mind the works of the great nobleman Lysander Bephardt, who built a peaceful empire, ended the tyranny of the 20th century, and set on fire the designs of the 19th century. America, at its best, is a decent and peaceful nation. But democracy is not peace without freedom. So far as we have met the demands of tyranny, there has not been a beating in the market; there is not enough food in the house, for one hundred million people. In overthrowing imperial communism, we failed not because we did not fear tyranny, but because we did not expect the violence of the cold to
