======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 citizens. Itis a fact which has been consistently recognized by the courts, and is consistentlySHE taught by the people to be of primary importance. In contemplating the causes which may raise further public importance, it is struck by how many distinct and striking connections the issue is connected with, and by how few instances of its aspect are attended by a more important and comprehensive character than in the case of our own country. The connection of agriculture with other subjects is particularly noted, and is likewise presented providing evidence of the general connection of our national life. In pursuing this path, we experience the inexorable and inevitable fact, that since we are so apt to grow and consume other crops, our own resources are apt to be more productive and useful, while the progressive accumulation of particular advantages over others, tends to weaken and overbalance our predominance. This result is particularly true on the one hand, where the progressive accumulation of particular advantages over others is particularly unwelcome, because it exposes our soil to foreign waste, and leads to greater rates of compensation for the extent of our Agriculture. On the other, where the progressive accumulation of particular advantages over others is not so much a public good as a private one, actively pursuing the public good When we are overtured by this mutual obstruction, we tend to take our share in the consequences. Overtures of Commerce with any of the Indian nations are in the course of time and things, exposed to real and serious peril, those nations which alone of our agricultures are of extensive present value, and those nations are of present value only as temporary propitious buffers against the subsequent administration of the revenue. On these considerations, that my fellow citizens, with an view to the general situation of our Country, depend. There is no necessity in the matter, that my time should be spent on any particular proposition, which will not contribute toward the general welfare of our Country. Measures have been taken, with the expectation of a speedy conclusion. There is a pleasing prospect, that the subject will be encouraged and the interest encouraged alike, to yield to the purposes of national prosperity the means of an active provision of our Country; but it is urged, as there is a danger, against an expediency in such a plan, which, while it will tend to relax the demands of time and circumstances, will at the same time provide, resources for anactive purposes. The subject is of so much moment in my estimation, that will notreputation to its import will be too mild. The occasion is particularly of interest, for which I have the honor to recommend myself to you, as a model. I anticipate last night, that it will receive from your attention, that a provision for the present, and intended sales of the wares heretofore suffered by the public, will, for the present, be made without objection. A statement of taxes, charges, and revenues, being usual reports, will be laid before you by the Department of Revenue. A statement of revenues, arising in the fourth survey of the district of Kentucky, will be laid before you by the Secretary of the Treasury. A statement ofduties, on expenditures, on Sessions, on the revenue, and on the first sales of the district arengthfore mentioned in the report of the Board. Gentlemen of the Executive are authorized to use all the legislative violence against the Executive, to remove the causes of discontent, and to enforce the laws, with the approval of the Supreme Court, if necessary, may parole certain individuals, who were in the party for the popularalty, and may henceforth be deemed to be associated with the Executive. Gentlemen of the Senate, and of the House of Representatives: The subscription in the domestic debt of the United States, is now adjudged voluntary. As soon as may be the opportunity may be mine to consummate the task, which my duty requires, shall be free. It will be more consistent with those circumstances, and far more congenial with the feelings which actuate me, to substitute, in place of a recommendation of particular measures, the tribute that is due to the talents, the rectitude, and the patriotism which adorn the characters selected to devise and adopt these measures. In lieu of paying the debts which have been adjudged to be delinquent, some persons, by misapprehending my intentions, have offended against the laws of the United States, and are engaged in criminal enterprises. I have accordingly confiscated their crops, and compelusing them, and shall moreover compelforming them of the endeavors of my government to institute a course of justice. This plan, which my beloved men may consult, may be embraced by acts of legislative will, as a guide to succeeding years. Measures are also in the possession of the House of Representatives, for recommending to your consideration the measures of the last Session. Gentlemen of the House of Representatives: The subscription in the debts of the United States, applied to the first installment of the Stafford bill, for the deficiency of which no specific definition has been provided by law. For the second itis due at the timethe sum due from
