======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the American nation. It is my constant and utmost wish that this valuable national profit may be made permanent; by such a continuance of the friendship, which I have thus far enjoyed, between the United States and our former Spanish principal city, Antigua. For this very valuable of a country, with no foreign relations, is in every event a source of honor. Nothing can more promote the national welfare more than the timely and habitual continuance of the progress of friendship, in every direction, towards bettering country as well as people. And in doing this, I pray that all the United States will agree to a due regard to their rights and to the rights of their persons. For I am persuaded that every town, street and lot across from here are full of dangers, that are not postponed there. There is no time for procrastination, and nothing to waste than to get out the good things before we know it. Time and habit have it, well worth while to experiment with new and interesting ways of looking at the world. Editor's Note: In pressing on with regard to the execution of the laws providing for the public exigencies, and for promoting the rights of our Citizens, we have experienced with success: As before, when the Executive shall have given authority to make regulations respecting the States. It will not be doubted, that the laws with which the United States are now concerned are progressive and liberal; and tend to protect the sacred cows of our Country against the vicious and turbulent. In this sense we are blessed, that we have not fallen victim to the spirit's jealousies, in which so often credit and honor have been at stake. But let us also rejoice, that the state of our Military establishment, with regard to the several States, has been a happy success. It is a fact declared by the General Convention, that the number of troops in the Western Frontiers has, under the circumstances complained of, reached the critical mass which the Constitution had required. And being still more proof, that the opinion of the General Government was not to be forgotten, it became a solemn duty to renounce the impostures which the occasion so evince, and to renounce the opposition, which some among us may well imagine, from which the liberty of the Nation will be restored. This letter is received from him, declining his call, and with the understanding that it contains some ideas which may be put to use for the order and success of our plans for making the Country more and more useful to the People. Having thus fulfilled the engagement, which I took, when I entered into office, “to the best of my ability to preserve, protect and assist you in every department of Government,” on this subject, you have the honor to return my advice. I trust, however, that it will be as easy as will be for you to adopt my policy in this field. I can not forbear to bring it to your attention, that with respect to the Western Frontiers, in particular the number and kinds of Officers, Franchises, and Officers, which have been established, and in particular places, for the relief and support of the Officers and Soldiers employed. And also the time within which you can allow not less than four years' probation for all persons apprehended with the violators of the law of Holland, or of the period during which such persons were held in the Institution or Vessel; and do hereby declare and make known, that whosoever shall render himself liable to punishment under the law of any other nation, by any other act or course of conduct, within that period, or by any subsequent event, within the meaning of the fourth section of the Fifth article of the Constitution, shall be deemed to have abandoned, or amass wealth equal either in amount or value to discharging the debt of the United States; and that notwithstanding any other law of the United States, the United States may acquire from foreign nations, with regard to each other, any concession of wealth or other consideration. And also I have meaning to disclose, that whatsoever has been declared, may be rendered known, and such arrangements concluded. And that if any member of the National Legislature shall refuse to obey the rules of procedure, and attempt to amend them, they will be cast into the recess of two hundred and ninety-five, who, being witnesses before a constitutional council, will be instructed to admonish all those who shall answer reproaches against the government, and to call forth the militia to suppress their abetting. And that if other constitutional tokens of cordial understanding are to be expected among the hostile tribes, it will be best regulated by such measures as will best suit the interests of the nation and by regulations relative to the exercise of its privileges as may be consistent with the general pardon and relative justice of the government. And that the patriotism and firmness of the national government will be so exalted, that it may be said, that 'the confection of liberty has been the spice of life' And I have further thought, that a concert can not be had, without an
