======== SAMPLE 1 ========
to. These, the sooner the sooner the better. When you call upon the spirit of criticism to punish impostures, your duty requires that you should also hold fast the fast established by the Constitution for expending a portion of the revenues specially appropriated for the purposes of gratuitously calling upon it. For the different situations in which these may be applied, it will be seen that the particular indulgences are inseparable from the spirit of criticism employed. When, therefore, the public criticism of a government ought to fall on a single source: From an introduction to the standard of argument or statement, or from an interest in plain truth Let me repeat that the tendency of criticism tends not only to confirm but to constrain it. It opens the door to much more, and opens to much more. When a view leads one to hold that circumstances are necessarily or necessarily likely to produce new and extraordinary experiments, and that these experiments must immediately be interesting and interesting, I sincerely hope that my country will indulge a critical attachment to that line of thinking. It is an illusion that can not be corrected by constant review; by real reflection; by real reflection in every direction, that things can should turn out so much better. The result is that, as time and place pass by, our country will less and less resemble a model of real improvement, and our experiments with the people less and less agreeable. These are the consequences of abundant circumstance, of free market society proceeding with perfect results, of public revenue provision accumulating up over and above the dictates of reason, and of substantial changes being made steadily at an enormous expense. The influence of habit and circumstance On my part, I have adopted the method of my predecessors in inviting the press to cooperate in propagandizing the public mind. It appears to me expedient to adopt the former, for it would remove the necessity of any previous intercourse with the press, and would contribute to the formation of a uniform rule of order in Europe. The first step is, to place the public mind in charge of the business. Let each of those powers, according to his particular situation, and to the instructions of his state, pursue the different branches of the press enterprise. The first step will be, by communicating to them the information contained in the respective cases, to assign each of the powers in relation to the press, according to his particular situation, the same task to be assigned to the press press establishment Having established communications by this method with the press, I have set them on the map. In each case, the same directions will be given to the various authorities for carrying on the business. With regard to the press establishment, I have communicated it to the governor-general of Virginia, and will carry on in his capacity as commissioner with respect to that part of the government, his instructions on the operation of that establishment. The first article - the establishment of the press - will, I am persuaded, be both instructive and preservative-giving. It will, I am persuaded, be both instructive and preservative-giving. It will serve to establish in the different subdivisions of the government, some general principles on the particular conduct of particular officers, particularly on those of our own kind, generally; and on particular instances of peculiarly marked uniformity and fortitude exemplified by their conduct in different situations, generally; - and, in general, to be regarded as highly esteemed by us as by the public good. It will also serve to establish some rule of conduct particular to these and other sections of the government, especially on the conduct of those called into the service of the public good, particularly on those of the tenderest convenience, especially on those in the exercise of that right, particularly on those of fortitude, in looking forward to some day a just resort to justice and good faith; especially on those of fortitude, in a commencement in executing the will of the people, in obeying the instructions of government, in dispositions pleasing to the spirit and in things pleasing to the body, in obeying summons, in obeying the dictates of the law, in obeying the wishes and judicious hearts of the people; in obtaining the affections, the minds and the judgements of the people, in fulfilling their duty and obtaining the respect of the constitution of government the state of things agreeable to their interests, in obeying the wishes of the people, in obeying the laws of the land, in obeying the dictates of the constitution - - wherever possible, obeying the will of the governed - - Where there is a desire to obtain the affections and opinions of the people, in obedience to the law, a just regard to the magnitude of the temporal bounty assigned for each task, a regard to the public good derived from solid foundations, a just regard to the projects of government always keeping in motion the steps which are necessary to fulfil them, and in so doing continually to keep alive the spirit of liberty Whereas by the authority of the People of the United States I have been indicted with a treasonable passion by the State of Mississippi, the father
