======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 patriotism and our national honor, for in the period when the Cherokees became a people they have been trained to cherish a due regard to order and order, and to guard their rights against destruction by the Indian tribes. The Creeks in particular are covered from encroachment by the interposition of the General Government and that of Georgia. From a belief, that by a more formal concert, their revival might be accomplished by armed force, I have considered the expediency of establishing a National Fortification of the Creek. Some citizens of the Union have lately proposed to me, a Military Post on the Ohio. This idea has been adjudged a most auspicious one, by the national situation, and may be the best weapon for the Executive Government to defend and increase the numbers of its citizens resident in the union territory. Still further to be accomplished, and deemed expedient by some of the departments of Military Government, is to design some of the fortifications, which may be found in the history of the Union, to attach to them the requisite attention. The proper establishment of the Troops, which may be deemed indispensable, will be entitled to mature deliberation. In the arrangements, which may be made respecting it, it will be of importance to conciliate the comfortable support of the Officers and Soldiers with a due regard to oeconomy. There was reason to hope that the pacific measures adopted with regard to certain hostile tribes of Indians would have relieved the Inhabitants of our Southern and Western frontiers from their depredations. But you will perceive from the information contained in the papers which I shall direct to be laid before you ( comprehending a communication from the Commonwealth of Virginia ) that we ought to be prepared to afford protection to those parts of the Union; and if necessary to punish aggressors. The interests of the United States requires that our intercourse with other nations should be facilitated, by such provisions as will enable me to fulfill my duty in that respect, in the manner which circumstances may render most conducive to the public good: And to this end that the compensations to be made to the persons who may be employed, should according to the nature of their appointments, be defined by law; and a competent fund designated for defraying the expenses incident to the conduct of our foreign affairs. Various considerations also render it expedient, that the terms on which foreigners may be admitted to the rights of Citizens should be speedily ascertained by a uniform rule of naturalization. Uniformity in the Currency, Weights and Measures of the United States, is an object of great importance, and will I am persuaded be duly attended to. The advancement of Agriculture, Commerce and Manufactures by all proper means, will not I trust need recommendation. But I can not forbear intimating to you the expediency of giving effectual encouragement as well to the introduction of new and useful inventions from abroad, as to the exertions of skill and genius in producing them at home; and of facilitating the intercourse between the distant parts of our Country by a due attention to the Post-Office and Post-Roads. Nor am I less persuaded, that you will agree with me in opinion, that there is nothing which can better deserve your patronage than the promotion of Science and Literature. Knowledge is in every country the surest basis of public happiness. In one in which the measures of Government receive their impression so immediately from the sense of the Community as in ours it is proportionably essential. To the security of a free Constitution it contributes in various ways: By convincing those who are intrusted with the public administration, that every valuable end of Government is best answered by the enlightened confidence of the people: and by teaching the people themselves to know and to value their own rights; to discern and provide against invasions of them; to distinguish between oppression and the necessary exercise of lawful authority; between burthens proceeding from a disregard to their convenience and those resulting from the inevitable exigencies of Society; to discriminate the spirit of Liberty from that of licentiousness, cherishing the first, avoiding the last, and uniting a speedy, but temperate vigilance against encroachments, with an inviolable respect to the Laws. Whether this desirable object will be the best promoted by affording aids to seminaries of learning already established, by the institution of a national University, or by any other expedients, will be well worthy of a place in the deliberations of the Legislature Fellow citizens of the Senate and House of Representatives: In meeting you again I feel much satisfaction in being able to repeat my congratulations on the favorable prospects which continue to distinguish our public Affairs. The abundant fruits of another year have blessed our Country with plenty, and with the means of a flourishing commerce. The progress of public credit is witnessed by a considerable rise of American Stock abroad as well as at home. And the revenues allotted for this and other national purposes, have been productive beyond the calculations by which they were regulated. This latter result is the more pleasing as it is not only a proof of the fertility of our resources, but as it assures us
