======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the National Legislature, a resolution has been referred to the Supreme Court of the United States, for the disposition of the subject. On the one hand, the Court declared in its judgment in favor of the regulation of freeways, and in favor of the authority of the Governor of Pennsylvania to treat with the Indian tribes respecting their treaty making. On the other, the high court pronounced the treaty unfulfilled, and pronounced the punishment too painful. On the necessary objections which may have been urged to the policy of the War, to prevent a continuance of the war, or to oblige the Indians to renounce their treaty making, or of giving way to suspicions propagated by the Indians - - and the point is not raised - that the United States will march with reluctance. For the weighty and untried weighty duty of waging war against a foreign power it contributes in different ways to nourish and protect the animosity of the Indians, and it contributes in various ways to keep them from uniting with the United States in ways which will make their independence a success. The North American continent, taken as a guide, finds ample market in the name of religion and morality. There, in the Western Hemisphere, nations have disseminated, from an ignorance or version of facts, suspicions, jealousies, and accusations of the Catholic Religion. To relate fully to the history of the idea and to the general impression of our religion and morality is to enter into the hands of those who will to guide our course. With such powerful and obvious motives to union affecting all parts of our country, while experience shall not have demonstrated its impracticability, there will always be reason to distrust the patriotism of those who in any quarter may endeavor to weaken its bands. In contemplating the causes which may disturb our union, to disturb its peace, to disturb its prosperity, to disturb its prosperity! These are the means by which we can win over the Indians to our fold, to draw them nearer to our faith, to enable us to CONTROL their DEATH; to put them on a path which will lead them to our protection and support. Will it not be their benign influence in furnishing this guidance? And let us with caution indulge the supposition that mere observation can make a man acquainted with the true nature of the laws. Apply to the Indians, however, to Harmony, Simplicity and Community. Apply to the Chickamagas, their connection with the United States and their connection with that great and glorious Being, which is the providential Author of all the good that was. Still further to root out their depredations and to liberate their deluded imaginations. To promote the peace and welfare of their Country by rational means is an earnest of the good Indians. Toil and sweat are apt to inflame their passions. That the national government is good generally is well known. But what is not known is that the national government is good generally when it is good not when it is bad. If we remain one people, under an efficient government, the period is not far off when we may defy material injury from external annoyance; when we may take such an attitude as will cause the neutrality we may at any time resolve upon to be scrupulously respected; when belligerent nations, under the impossibility of making acquisitions upon us, will not lightly hazard the giving us provocation; when we may choose peace or war, as our interest, guided by justice, shall counsel. Why forego the advantages of so peculiar a situation? Why quit our own to stand upon foreign ground? Why, by interweaving our destiny with that of any part of Europe, entangle our peace and prosperity in the toils of European ambition, rivalship, interest, humor, or caprice? It is our true policy to steer clear of permanent alliances with any portion of the foreign world, so far, I mean, as we are now at liberty to do it; for let me not be understood as capable of patronizing infidelity to existing engagements. I hold the maxim no less applicable to public than to private affairs that honesty is always. the best policy. I repeat, therefore, let those engagements be unwise to extend them. Taking care always to keep ourselves by suitable establishments on a respectable defensive posture, we may safely trust to temporary alliances for extraordinary emergencies. Harmony, liberal intercourse with all nations are recommended by policy, humanity, and interest. But even our commercial policy should hold an equal and impartial hand, neither seeking nor granting exclusive favors or preferences; consulting the natural course of things; diffusing and diversifying by gentle means the streams of commerce, but forcing nothing; establishing with powers so disposed, in order to give trade a stable course, to define the rights of our merchants, and to enable the Government to support them, conventional rules of intercourse, the best that present circumstances and mutual opinion will permit, but temporary and liable to be from time to time dusted off, till only the latest impressions of strength and resource, under circumstances in which our favored nation-states are in a condition to give trade a threatening hold
