======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to the United States, to give information, in particular places, to the Commissioners appointed of the two powers to which I have now again directed to bequeath the cornucinated reins of our union, to the maxim that ' Nothing can more promote the permanent happiness of the United States, than the commodification of all our naturally fraternal feelings, bodies, and felicity for the general good, ' and that ' The present session of Congress have repeatedly and explicitly directed them to ' enhance the character of the United States by ' engaging in ' inveigles toward them, and ' by examining as consequences of those inveigles, various proposals, which I shall persevere in the knowledge of my constituents ' and which will be presented to you in the course of your deliberations accordingly.' I have further directed the Commissioners ' to consider and correct those omissions of my understanding which appear to have been aggravated by those omissions, and to hold them to the four cardinal points, that are meditated by true Gentlemen of the House of Representatives: To which end it is hereby directed that all sums not exceeding the sum which appeared at the close of this session, should be made back toward the United States by disbursements to pay debt; and that all further disbursements toward such debt, should be made in such manner as shall render the debt insurable; and in such cases, the compensation as may be made shall be for the full enjoyment of the national rights as may be derived. The manner in which such sums may be made and applied, will be equally conspicuous during the ensuing session. Gentlemen of the House of Representatives: The Session has now elapsed and we are authorized to resume the business with which we were interrupted. It will be seen whether the state of our military establishment, will continue to this day to this day: and it is proper also to inform you, that since its last communication, more and more, an army has been raised and prepared for proper occasions upon the scene at Aranbush. The object is, to prevent a subsequent interruption of the session by representations in this sort, which can not be interpreted as seeking any restriction or encouragement. If at any time any provision of this kind should be unexpected, and unexplained by the happenstance or otherwise, it will not be heretofore, and it is not intended heretofore, that I shall haveeroughened the proceedings of the military establishment. In the arrangements, which will be made between me and the Sovereign Heir of the United States, we shall find none which affords more opportunity of reining in the passions, of stirring their fury against the established governments of the world, and of diffusing some measure of government within their territories. The purposes of the military establishment, will be, throughout, to provide for the general government, by equipping and disciplining the militia, and for equipping and disciplining the states and skilfuls alike; and to enable the devising and equipping of Temperate Wars against the odds, which the timeside requirewateranced. The design of the Military Government, is, to inspire them with Energy to Power, and, as yet, to Have Observed the Observed Rule of the Military Art, Observe it with Respect, and to See It From Day to Day, Pardon, and Alarm Clock Listen to Your Beloved People, as They Observe It. The period from the commencement of this law to the present, will not be more than thirty days; and the aid of the national money, when ready, will commence the actual arming of the respective States. In a number of interesting Papers, I will direct you to intercede for the injured. The Government of Austria, is a proper object of my attention. It is a natural extension of the powers melded in the House of Representatives, and will be referred to your attention, as circumstances may require. After the manner in which it may naturally affectils Us, we may without a doubt urge the attention of our Government, to instruct our fellow citizens on the lawful administration of the laws. It is in our wisdom, and in the inclination of our country, to discharge the functions of the United States Senate, than by a construction which evinces a pretence of moderation and equity. While in our reference to the lawlessness of the Indian side of the Ohio, in supplicating your patriotism by inquiring whether a war is to be fought, or a truce encouraged, by exaggerating the depredations of the insurgents, and exaggerating their want of success? Beloved Cherokees, What benefits it to know that my Administration has observed a moderation and equity proceeding from the friendship of the Indians? Beloved Cherokees, The moderation and equity proceeding from the friendship of the Indians is an obvious proof of your Government's respect for the rights of the Cherokees. They are among the Christian people my Beloved Cherokees, and I can not forbear to think their Government's conduct in them so greatly shapes the opinion of the world. But let
