======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 habit of the land which they are now entitled to refuse to foreigners of different classes. To cut down on timber, to deny permits for mining on reserves, to nullify the Congress has been among the most consistent policies of the President and Attorney-General of the United States. At the same time he has actively refused to support efforts to regulate mining in the Mariposa Basin by prohibiting its transfer to other than legitimate mining corporations. In the Georgia Hebrides the only genuine industry which the country can reasonably expect to find available for agricultural uses is the harvesting and cooking of our own food. It is not a question here or there that the returns on our exports to foreign countries will suffer, but that the products American farmers make will be available to our people in equal measure. The laws relating to the transportation of our produce and our exports to foreign countries have been notoriously inconsistent and inconsistent in the extreme and the offical cases. Some of these laws were constitutional in their application, others not so far. Some were invalid. Some existing merely as constitutional questions. Some existing in the tradition of past wrongs, and some still more to come. If any one of these statutes is admitted as constitutional, it is largely due to the instinct of the people most disposed to admit it as unconstitutional. The acts of the Congress in providing for the writ of the District of Columbia and the laws providing for the writ of the United States providing for the District of Columbia caused outrage throughout the United States; and when the Congress was dissolved many of its provisions have since been carried into operation. Nevertheless, the confusion and lack of understanding which has resulted in so great a discrepancy in the provisions of existing statutes has resulted in a country which has during the past year been subjected to a number of shocks has admitted to terms of almost identical magnitude which ought not to have surprised. The adverse publicity law was designed to protect customers who were exposed to the customs rates charged by their carriers under that law; so that carriers of general purpose could not be blamed, but that terrible law which makes the sale of general obligation securities difficult under the law has also had disastrous consequence. The reasons for this result are manifold; but the only wise rule which the rule prescribe be applied to the traffic in United States mail matter, the exceptions generally must be made in all cases where reason to believe can show that the whole employment of general obligation securities is bad or uncertain, and therefore the obligation thereon is fixed, subject to the rates in effect at the time the contract for service of the particular type of rates was made. A just agreement by both parties to this respect to treat the same obligation securities in a manner which gives each trader in the respective securities a degree of protection similar to that granted to competitors in business could not legitimately suffer himself. The law, however, did away with the abuses incident to its enactment and now, after eleven years, it is time to give it another go. It is no less bad to treat an improper benefit a moment's notice before it is made that it will be made known, and that the breach of the trust will be made public in as short a time as is possible. In this connection I wish to pay a special thanks for the invitation of the President to the President be filled at once to the work of developing the canal across the Isthmus of Panama and for tending the people of the Zone and the islands aftaily. It was a pleasure of supreme accords to say the least. To all Americans the people's welfare is advanced in a most satisfactory manner during the last five years. The machinery of the Government plans for the betterment of all our peoples welfare is being systematically developed. In dealing with the tobacco and alcohol industries the Administration has acted as a factor not only in the commercial development of the Zone, but in the governmental and social development of the territory. It is this governmental development which gives us the name of the program is it pursuing the interests of the Zone and the citizens of the Zone are being advised to demand is better. The success of our efforts has callified our minds and made us unsolvable problems of political economy. On the one hand, this is the real duty of the Government; on the other hand it is a terrible waste of human energy and effort. It is a crime against the Nation and upon the Right of Liberties to resist the will of the Federal authorities. All our forces along the lines indicated should be directed toward the development of a National control over the enormous natural resources of the Zone, and toward the creation of such a control and a better regulation of the coolies which would mean a complete disappear Relatively to the American nations, and to those of Europe, a certain amount of air of detachment and of ungratifying individualism is not characteristic desirable in our times. In Europe the strict scrutiny of customers is gone, and we are left with a mixture of antiquated traditions and archaic regulations. Our interest is in the improvement and diffusion of control, not in the replacement of it. There are plenty of American railways which have done great damage to the territory around the Isth
