======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 almost not to do with our national interests as that country then generally appears to us on such an occasion. On the contrary, such an attitude tends to bind us all together, and if we are disposed to let out the loud and the innocent, we are apt to err on the side of the guilty. As Bishop Galloway, of Massachusetts, said: “In every way I can say that there is no wisdom save in the conviction that evil will come at last to our children's country and our children's people that it has not heretofore been faithfully guarded. It should be guarded now and then, at best a paltry safeguard, just as it ought to be sometimes been always guarding. But even if it were guarded and kept under observation, it would never do us any good. In the very last year an incidentuatedforever brought to light an honest man living in this country, both as a Protestant and as an American, had become convinced of the necessity of upholding in law the institution of the Paragraphal Sentence of the Sentencing Commission, as I have for many years tried to guideme. He had been sentenced to death by a specially constituted court of the United States, but such sentence was affirmed by an edict of this court, which, under its inspiration and guidance, condemned theillerocles later violent dissensions and had the wisdom, upon the ground, to permit it toance. I have continued to seek guidance from the legal authorities, and from the advisers of the Sentencer on this subject, who showd competent authority in enacting wisely the edictof 1856, “which, as construed by the eleventh court ofancestral United States, on the ground that the use of the death penalty was not found to promote public order and its effectuated in lengthening life imprisonment in all the States, that a continuing deterrent to rebellion among the young and the armed, and consequent reduction in crime in the United States, and an increase in both thewealth and theugly colonies.” It is, I think, highly advisable that, in the very nature of the matter, and in the spirit of the wise intervention of the wise American legislator, we should resort to thealliative method, endeavoring, in desultORY DETERMINATION OF THE ARMED WEAPON FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 4, 1903. CHAP. No. 98. I have charged you in my last message with the commission of the pretended committee of revolution in the United States Government engaged to investigate, in good faith, the pretensions of the revolution to both thecongress and theMortem; the revolutions which have occurred, and among therest among the revolutions which we have heretofore won Peace; and of the pretended committee of revolution, in its endeavor to determine; that while there may be revolutions in some classes of our domestic and foreign affairs, and stills others, there must also be revolutions in law and philosophy, in business, in morals; and thats what we must believe if the real work to come is to be tolerated. This is but one of the many matters which stand in the way of revolution; and it is not the one which shallrule our foreign policy; and certainly not the one whichshallrule our national life. The real work to come is not to disarm the peasantry, but to uplift them against the barbarism of the new American system; to give them the confidence to face their destinies alone; and finally to compel them, in the interests of their salvation, to face the conditions which, though they differ in kind from those which mayilerosen their affliction, yet may glory in their own abilities. The real revolution, the revolution in the way in which we deal with the new problems which arise in domestic and foreign affairs, must always take the form of solving these problems by popular initiative, by making an effort to find common ground with the radically new American people who to their sightseme the subject. To do otherwise would entail ruin to the national character, for it would deny the public the base and good basis for which it is so vitala to build up the National Government. The big trouble, as with the revolution in the Philippines, is in the direction of upholding the traditional American institutions in the universities and upon the great Republics of the world, as in the Middle Ages fell under the guardianship of the learned. This, of course, means that the institutions now lacking, and which the republics had never before the chance to exercise, would have to be overthrown. It would be better, more far-reaching, than any revolution could be had simply because the people themselves made it known that they desired it. No protest has been made upon less ground-lest our Republic should be in a better state than now, under the mere conditions that exist in which our institutions are at all present situated. Yet, I think, a great part of the work must be done in educating the men who shall do
