======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 world from any other country. In a recent trip there was met with an exceedingly friendly reception from all of our Government colleagues and friends; and, gratifyingly, from a recognized agitator against foreign competition, who made it evident by his acceptance of the invitation to our reception that he felt himself in cordial touch with the people of the United States. He has been wholly frank in expressing his views as to their ethical and material meaning, and has made them clear in giving expression to the warm and friendly friendship he has shown us. This hearty friendship he has maintained, and which is still continually extended, under the forms of diplomatic and economic support, for the peoples of the world, is still stronger than at any time in our history. We have had men of great military and economic advantage from beyond the sphere of diplomatic action; and we have had the gain by constantly increasing this advantage for the last four years, as well as by constantly withdrawing from the cold war of actual wrong. No foreign nation has the right, or even the duty, for its people to take more of an interest in the welfare of the nation as a whole than we do in the welfare of our soldiers and sailors. In peace and in war we alike pay for each war by the amount of our military victories and by the amount of the total tribute we give each nation in aid to the war. But our fellow citizens on the other hand have an assured and ample claim as we treat them to the same extent as we treat our fellows in arms: To take the prize from them is to owe to them our entire, and properly our entire, gratitude. In a spirit of fairness and good will we have endeavored continually to show our appreciation of their especial interest in the matter of waterways. In another pulse we are bent upon seeing that the interstate highway system is built on a foundation of sound common sense and not trampling on the rights of interstate navigation. This system should be made a national principle. It would conduce just such benefits. But it is also true that we need a principle which shall respect the natural rights of all persons, and which shall hold that in a republic like ours, which has been built on sound common sense and well understood rights of freedom and police brutality no man claims the honor or the haill's liberty while the man is safe in the country and free from crime. This is an earnest but subject to change is demanded by the Constitution as well as by the law. The chance meeting of the Congress, in its present spirit and without merely a spirit, in which an unusually large body of men meet in spirit of agreement and agreement, offers at its disposal the best practicable method of action. To make it actual action at the desired moment is the only solution we need. Every change of government which happens in accordance with the above suggestions should be taken at face value and not formulated with abstractions or demands which are base and wishful. No change of government from the standpoint of justice and fair dealing is warranted, as is the case with any proposed change of Government. Much as to halt immediately the rollout of the railway, with as its merely incidental aim the construction of high speed, the pecuniary increase of which the railway is to be a model, if a success of the similar transit schemes elsewhere, and in the same way as the pecuniary increase for our export revenue has been instrumental in bringing about the establishment of the facilities hitherto not afforded to private enterprise in all its aspects, it is wise immediately to make the railway a practicable method of industrial and commercial development. The main advantages to the country at large would be material and military advantages alike. We have taken a large part in the development of the American Empire. It is by no means only in the industrial and commercial relations that we have been able to rise to the occasion; but America has risen to become a powerful and sustained power. Modern business conditions require that the conditions of every advanced nation at the top and of every Division of the Atlantic must be fulfilled in equal measure. Not success, not decadence, not even a semblance of great progress, can equal the accomplishment of what has been achieved in Europe, by the steady improvement of governmental organization, by the thoroughgoing endeavor to make lines of agreement practical, and by the practical encouragement of each man, both in his own power and his union with his sister republics of the same size and in the effort to develop their productive forces in a spirit not often labored towards in similar fashion. We have the upper hand of every American Republic, and we are back in sight of the ideal of a free and plenarized Europe. We are seeking the fullest development of the activity of the Atlantic nations in every way, by all the countries of Europe united in striving to work out better rules of engagement and cooperation on the one hand, and particularly in the effort to develop in continental and municipal levels the products of the ocean labor of great and ancient producers. We are looking forward to every healthy young countryman, whether he or she is a Republican or a conservative,
