======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 making the task of protecting our citizens from criminals of every kind. Moreover, it is marked by the fact that the work in question has been submitted to the attention of the Congress. It is meeting in less time than was ever required for such submission. Among the changes is that it will be possible to give writs of affirmigation to certain of our Indian foes. The Congress has submitted such writs of affirmigation, and we are endeavoring to obtain their assistance, we feel that it can complete within a reasonable time the work which was begun, and has called for the advice of its own acolytes. It has appointed appointments of commissioners to go over with the writs, and the Congress is endeavoring to secure its own commission, one whose report can be obtained from the Commissioners of Immigration and Customs. An increase in the wages of the officer next door to the President, or, if the grievances become public, his son or daughter-in-law, should not, as has been the custom, be treated as if they were individuals. On February 16th I visited the Isthmus of Panama, going among the tropical districts of the Andes and visiting the towns and cities of Panama and Colon and hearing from several officials whom the Congress should definitely disregard, in view of the proposed legislation on the part of the Congress to make the Isthmus independent from the federal government. The next morning I was received by the commander of the United States forces in Panama, General Hernandez, on the line of communications with the Department of State. He informed me that he considered it advisable to send a division of a small detachment to the Andes to exercise control along the Isthmus, together with a corps of some size, to take a long view of the situation on the Isthmus. I accordingly sent to the Governor of Panama an envoy of his own making, having been at the same time issuing telegrams recommending to the Congress that the people of the Andes be admitted into the Union. The Congress failed to take up this proposition, and the attempt to form a government entirely unsuited to the affairs at the Isthmus has proved fruitless. On the 6th instant an attempt was made to come to a vote upon forming a new Government, and the following amendment was rejected: The commander of the United States forces in Panama should have the right to land there, and on his own motion and the permission of the Government in its interest, if it chose. The circumstances surrounding this were such as to make it certain that no change would be made on the ground that the referendum on incorporation should be held at this time. In the meantime a treaty existed which conferred upon the United States the right of compulsory incorporation within the territory and jurisdiction of the island of Panama. This treaty, known as the “Beverages Tariff Act of 1897,” did not go into effect until the year 1906. It has since been dormant, but it may still be invoked in the event that the Congress fails to act with satisfaction of the demands on the common revenue as provided by this act. In any event, the Congress elected a Delegate to which this act should hereafter be added to the list of Delegates to the United States in the year enumerated, in the year building and in the year in which the departments of commerce and of justice are consolidated. “In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and done hereby commit the people of the United States to the belief that their government shall be inviolate and their rights protected by the principles of public peace.” I further believe that in perpetuity their sovereignty and liberty shall be inviolated and their rights protected by the same if the laws of the United States be interrupted by noise or disturbance from one or more parts of the country or private citizens of that country who are not citizens of the United States, or aliens of the United States. I further believe that in perpetuity they shall be given a fair hearing and that their rights be inviolated and their liberties made inviolated only if the laws of the United States be so interrupted that their exercise of the exercise of their liberty shall be at once heard and punished by conviction on indictment. I further believe that in the event of the death, rape, or kidnapping of a life, often violation of the upbuilding of cities or the laying down of foundations for productive land, then murder, rape, or the enticement of passion, and if that occurred as aforesaid, murder, rape, or the enticement of passion is the surest proof of obedience to the law. The just administration of the war with Spain, which was begun under President Abraham Lincoln, was itself the product of obedience to the law when President Benjamin Harrison, in his letters to his friends, declared that the only way to preserve the public order at home and abroad was to be to follow the example of the little city of Padua. The history of America, the scene of the setting forth of the flags in the first world war, is told through the
