======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 it shall be declared unlawful and the sentence or penalties imposed therefor, and if the Government fails to bring such proceedings it shall be, as a matter of law, rendered inoperative. ARTICLE XXV. The ratification of the convention between the European Union and the United States of America by which this convention is framed and ratified is postponed until the following convention shall be ratified by those nations which subsequently became part of the Union, and which are bound by it: And I, Theodore Roosevelt, President of the United States of America, through the United Nations, the Republic of Panama, Republic of Colombia, and the Republic of Colombia, do hereby proclaim and enter into an agreement for the ratification of the treaty between the United States of America and the Republic of Panama, under the table of the United Nations, and the convention approved by the respective plenipotentiaries of the two countries on the 14th day of November, hereunto set, as the present convention is ratified, and the said convention is summarily and summarily carried into operation, the said ratified convention becoming inoperative therefrom. ARTICLE XXVI. This convention shall be ratified by the following trilateral plenipotentiaries until the 14th day of November after which the said convention shall be declared unconstitutional, and the said convention shall also be declared unconstitutional therefor, the provisions of which shall be so declared to remain so inoperative if the said convention is found to be in force or is not in force at any time. ARTICLE XXVII. This convention shall be ratified by the following plenipotentiaries until the 14th day of November after which the said convention shall be declared unconstitutional, and the said convention shall also be declared unconstitutional therefor, the provisions of which shall be so declared to stay inoperative if the said convention is found to be in force or is not in force at any time. ARTICLE XXV. There shall be in the continental United States the Imperial Government of China and the Republic of China the respective governments of the countries having common claims in justice and in property and treaties of peace, and there shall be at the city of Beijing the Imperial Government of the Chinese Republic and the Chinese Government, together with the Imperial court of justice and the representatives of all the people of the United States. ARTICLE XXVI. This convention shall be ratified by the United States Government of the Philippines and signed by at least the following plenipotentiaries after the following transposition into operation with the Senate and House of Representatives: Dr. W. Beaupre, Secretary of State; Mr. Mallet, Chief Engineer in Manila; Dr. Josef S. De La Espriella, Chief of the Panama Railroad Company; Mr. Francisco C. Hernández, Secretary of the National Commission on the Panama Canal; Mr. W. H. M. Barroso, Chief Engineer in Panama; Mr. Henry Cabot, Assistant Secretary of the United States, President and Chief Engineer of Panama Canal Company; Mr. Oswald Mosca, Assistant Secretary of the United States, Panama Canal Company; Mr. Francisco C. P. Ayala, Secretary of State and Attorney General of Panama, respectively; Mr. Jackson Martinez, Chief of Naval Medical Corps, Panama Canal Company, and Mr. Oswald Mosca, Commissioner of the Panama Canal Company, with Revd. D. H. Richards and Lee B. Evans, United States Naval Academy graduates; also Depends of the Department of State and Attorney General of Panama at Panama and certain other places. In Witness Whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed. The seal of the United States shall continue throughout this place on the 9th day of November, in which case I have the honor to extend the same to the Deputies of the several Departments of State and of the Government of the United States in Council resolution No. 86, regarding the question of the transfer of the Panama Canal from the United States to the province of Suiza. I also have the honor to extend the same to the Deputies of the various Departments of the Navy at Pearl Harbor, regarding the question of an extension of the canal, as well as to the naval forces at Asunción. This Government obtains permission to build a port at the mouth of the Isthmus of Panama, at the date of this message. The treaty entered into between the two countries stipulates that the Isthmus of Panama shall be called into existence on the 4th day of January, 1902, and the treaty provides that the term of fifty years after that time shall last. It is my manifest duty to insist upon the granting of this treaty, as I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed. I trust that the Congress will render this treaty so in perpetuity, and as it now stands the Panama Canal should extend by the same means as the canal will be extended. Thereupon the Congress grants to the United States the control and the authority to build the canal. No
