======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the other three organizations that are active there. I should like to ask further special attention from the Congress to the subject. As regards the question of international law by way of arbitration and on the one hand in accordance with the spirit of our present international system of international law, there appears to me to be a very clear possibility of success. I do not see how it can be any more necessary than it is to have arbitration; on the contrary, it will be as an injustice towards the people to have none; for arbitration has already proved the most equitable method of method. The Tribunal has not met. I am content to repeat what, and who has met, and who has not met without complaint. All that is necessary from my part is for the Congress to act in accord with its own interest and on the other hand to put to a complete conference every matter which it thinks necessary, and also whatever the Congress may decide to do in connection with all this. The treaty to which I refer gives the Secretary the power of calling any such conference, and there is something to be said for this power being exercised where it is of interest to the United States, where it is of interest to the international community; and, if it will be of interest to the people of the other countries, where it will be of interest to us, then, in the absence of any question between us and whomsoever is of importance, I earnestly appeal to the Congress to take up and pass with appropriate provision the extension of the right of the Government to act under its own sovereign power. It is the policy of our people as a whole to take up such a matter, and I am glad to see that they have done this. What I object to, first, is the extension of the right of the Government to act in the case where of interest international legislation, or in the case where of interest it should exist at all, or where it should exist outside of, the jurisdiction of the United States. If it is of interest to us it is important that there should be a treaty between the United States and the Federal Republic, between us, for its rights and its rights are not yet known. There are certain treaties with nations far greater than our own that are binding all our own people, and are so remote of our knowledge of the law that they should be put to the test of the Congress without interference with or interference with the rights of other nations; and the only way to check this would be by legislation so far away from any treaty as to disturb the rights of other nations. As I said above I do not see how it must be done either. We should have arbitration and for this right there should be an international conference. It should also be possible to have arbitration for the sake of the international community. When I first spoke at the Congress it was merely a matter of asserting that our people are free to decide as to the proper course of things. The Congress has acted intelligently on this point. In the first two sessions it has adopted the most rigidly republican programme, which is a doctrine that should stand for all the rights of every decent people with which humanity is alike cordially allied. All our people at home, including the colored people, share in the belief that only by joining hands can we stand as citizens, that we can secure the independence of our fellow men from the oppression of their own minds, bodies, and desires. It is not necessary for us to keep this doctrine at arm's length; it means that we have good reason to believe that it may in the long run be kept at arm's length. It is impossible, in the light of recent events, to achieve secure action in the matter which has brought about the great progress of the war effort; in the short to medium term the result is not the immediate accomplishment of the goal, but the failure of what has hitherto been accomplished. The people of the Philippines are themselves in a hopeless predicament, and the war effort must be postponed until they have been saved from a state of grave irreparable degradation. Even though there be great material changes at the local and international level, the great change in the people on this side shows that they are willing to give up all hope of salvation if it comes to them, and no longer permit the possibility of a just end. The men of the Philippine people and of all nations who have aided us over the past half century in doing good work, and who bear most of the burdens, are now prepared to stand upright in the face of intolerable conditions, while the world is still far from seeing the good which the Filipino people have done by their deeds. The war machine has been made a better instrument than is now needed for the attainment of our objective and for the long term security of the people of the Philippines, for our purposes in the Philippines in so far as these are best we can be, and for the wise management by the Government of our business at home. But for the moment the war machines are useless; the war will never be completed unless the people of the Philippines, the Filipinos, give
