======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 upon any other nation. Acknowledge the power of immigration and, in my judgment, demand that it not only be stopped, but that its scope be enlarged so that there shall be no more countries of immigrants, and all immigrants coming after the abdication of their rights as American citizens. Experience has shown that this is impossible; and if the public will be informed and the Congress will not, it may justly and fairly require the taking of personal property out of the country of immigrants before there is room in the Congress for a proper and legitimate immigration law. I renew my invitation to your consideration. I most earnestly hope and believe that in every measure taken on this subject the Congress will follow in sound judgment the wise recommendations of this very excellent Congressional Commission, both as to the proper immigration laws and as to the punishment for any wrong done by outsiders in any of its branches, and as to the necessity of putting into existence the necessary administrative systems which shall in time of peace provide for an orderly and equitable regulation of the immigration of admitted immigrants. These reforms will under no inconsiderable strain our national life and make it as attractive to citizens as it is to the Government. To make matters worse than good we should remove any foreign blood, for, as a sure means of defeating the just and wicked immigration policy, our people should themselves have to share in the gains made. It is as unfortunate as the immigrants themselves that they should suffer the slightest injury from the Government; but it is even worse when they are brought up in homes so far removed from our own that they themselves are to deal with the mischief of immigration to themselves. The very presence of outsiders, the fact that they come so near at night to our people and our lands that they are invited to make home laws should make it necessary that we should treat them with the most careful and careful consideration, and the Government should teach its citizens to do in their own interest what the immigrants did and have done in the interest of their people -this consideration inseparably connected with caring for our own welfare, and with encouraging all the other citizens of the same nation to help themselves to the best and most effective use possible of the resources of the country they come from. The great business of the country is to-day, the business of our own people having its head start in this country. It would be far-better to treat the immigrants properly and to put a premium placed upon their good will and the good sense in their home deeds than to leave them wholly, entirely of our own making, and unable to devise anything save by common sense legislation whatever. We can and should put a premium, perhaps a price, upon the spirit of the people, and on their high character; but we should put even a premium on the honesty of the employees -it is the lowest possible standard of honesty a people can attain by internal reform and above all by education. No one can fail to be a good American, and no one can fail admirably in all that he does, and no one can fail in his capacity as an executive or legislative officer. All citizens of the United States, and especially citizens of the United States of Great Britain and Ireland, should bow down and respect the rights of the others. To do this we must act, first and foremost, in the interest of the welfare of the children under our flag, and of the American people. To do this we do not claim territory, but we intend to maintain the proper order and to widen the channels of communication between the different States, to make it a subject of special interest to every State in which we may be interested. The men in the White House Office now in active occupation work on a large scale. They have made their home, in the opinion of many, at the White House at one of their annual general assemblies. This city is no ordinary center of population of any one State, and yet it happens that the city is also the heart of the country, the heart of our political life, which matters the most in the long run. It was an easy mistake to place the city at the head of all the other cities in America, because not only that but it is the true birthplace of our political and social life. The work on the White House Canal has been done in many forms already by the Presidents and by many others of the people of the United States, and I am certain I have done better a similar work for many other cities and districts under similar auspices. We should enjoy as much of the American continent as possible. We do not need a continent for our own material prosperity, but we do need it not merely for material prosperity, but for material righteousness. Our people have in view the question of national defense as well as the question of national policy; and if these two questions are not intertwined, it follows quite as often that no such policy should be one. This may or may not be true of the other. Either of those two questions is but a question for the future generations to decide. If it proves impossible to answer them, and if it prove only partially
