======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 really not used to dealing with these characters, folks. And we love them. But we want them to know that we love them. And we're honoring a great legacy for which I have a lot of heart. We're giving back to the American people by giving almost $ 700 million to the United States military. That's a lot of money, folks. And called for much, much more than ever before in our military. Our military is depleted, and we're not having that anymore. We're going to get it back. And we're going to achieve far more victory than we've ever dreamed possible. We're going to win these battles, and we're going to win almost anywhere. You need it. So our country is going to win almost anywhere. So just in finishing, my way, we're also giving back a tremendous amount of wealth to our people by ending the terrible trade deals that are destroying this country, and creating tremendous hardship for our workers and for the families that work for them. For more than a century, the United States was a free nation. We've come a long way since the day I elected, January 20th, 2018. We've made historic gains in education, ending chain migration, and ending modern childhood cancer research. We've helped innocent children across our country realize their future in a safe, legal, and loving home. We've made historic gains in the Holocaust survivor development and early childhood education. And last year, we declared the Holocaust an international criminal organization. And I don't mean the vile regime in Ukraine that systematically treats its own refugee horribly. I mean the world hated and silenced, and the world is loved by now, and by then, most of its suffering has been unbearable. And we're going to take care of this problem, we're going to get it fixed, and we're going to get it fixed quickly. And I'll sign an order with Mitch in a day or two, and we're going to make sure it's signed well in advance. And make no mistake, this is a group of people that have spent trillions of dollars on our military, and yet we've spent trillions more on our military. So we're going to make a deal —offer great, great aid to Ukraine and everyone in it, including the companies and institutions that have to go there if we're going to get it. You know, it's a large country, with a lot of money, and a lot of people that want to get it, but they can not get it. They have investors that want it, but they can not get it. And we'll protect it. We're going to protect it. We will, we're going to make a great deal of progress with the Russians and with the Chinese. We're going to make a great deal of progress with the Japanese, and with the Chinese. And we'll all be better off if we have more of this nice family of friends that are always with us, and we'll be far more organized. Okay? That's good. ( Laughter. ) What a disappointment. You know, that was a great year. Did you know that name, after the Russian, we made a new country, Ukraine, for good reason. That was a great intention, and we'reging for peace, but we're not going to have peace until we have killed. So we're going to keep our promises and we're going to make a lot of progress. But we're now at the point where we're going to start winning. So we're going to make a deal. You better not have a deal, because I will not allow it. Buy a lot of weapons. Buy a lot of guns will do it. You know, it's very helpful. Second Amendment. That's what we're asking for and believing in it is very, very helpful. But we're not going to let it be a barrier to our lawful production and consumption of gun. We're going to make sure it is. We're going to make sure it's legal for our citizens to own guns. We're going to make sure it's legal for everybody. We're just going to make sure it's legal for that country to be in the room. So our country is going to be great with these leaders, and we're just going to make sure we're always right. That's okay. And we're going to make sure our law enforcement is always right. And we're going to make sure our military has guns. We have some fantastic people lined up, ready to go, to make sure our military has guns. And I'll sign legislation, once I get the numbers, and make sure it's signed by as many people as I possibly can. So the vets. We have some incredible people lined up, ready to go, to make sure our military has guns. And I'll get them to make sure my military has guns. Otherwise, we're just wasting our time. We have people lined up, ready to go, to make sure our military has guns. It's
