======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 assume you know what, a little money—you know, you don't mean, “$ 1 million? $ 8 million?” If you make 10,000 homes,000 people will get tax cut bonuses, and you go 2,000 factories will start going up in America. The tax cuts are so great. One of the things, I just don't see how we can get through a vote without getting approved 2,000 cars, and getting approved 400, including a lot of cars that were built under the previous administration. We haven't gotten a vote yet, but we are going to get it. The other thing I saw—and you have to see it to believe it—is confidence. I mean, you just did the job. You just did the job. Nobody has been able to do it. And so all of us, all of us, we have to do. We have to do and to do more. We need to get approval. We have to get it. Otherwise we're creating a national emergency. And what we're doing is we have to get it. And one of the things, the tax cuts were taken away from us and gone from our country. And we have a sequester here. We have to get it. We're not going to get it. We're going to get it. And I really believe it was up to at least four more years, if you want to do it this soon enough. And we're going to get it. We can start winningnowing that down. It's not that we can't do it. We can't do it. Or I Could Do It. You know, I said the other night, I have a different view. I have a different agenda. I want it to be one way or the other. But we can get it done. We can get it done faster. Because we're going to get it. We need more Republican votes. We're going to get it. And if we defeat Barack Obama again, we would have a much different situation. We could be on the wrong side of every one of these things. They're both possible. You know, it's the nature of the beast. As tax cuts get cut out, sort of, they come in and out of it. And now, under the previous administration, we weren't getting it done. And we were getting it done under the previous administration. And now we are in the period of years right now between when we really had a chance and when we really did have a chance. And and also with respect to the military, we had a lot of progress made with respect to the military. Earlier in the year, you had a meeting where a lot of—there was a lot of metamorphosis and metamorphosis. We had a lot of—a lot of metamorphosis. And I didn't think you saw it, but I think many people saw it. It was a very positive—you couldn't believe it. Nobody else was seeing it. And we now have a new military, a lot of different types, a lot of different ships, a lot of different planes, ships with many different names. But we have a lot of different countries represented. We haven't had a single new deployment since we got the military spending cut. We have a lot more now. We have a lot of money that we didn't have a $ 700 billion battle-tested spending cut. And also, before we even beginning to secure our border, we have to secure our southern border. We have to secure our southern border. And we've been absolutely clear—we expect our criminals to be brought to our country of origin so that we can determine their real aim, and to stop them from getting into our country. And that's why we have the plan I had yesterday. I want you to be able to present an immigration plan that's fair, equitable, modern, and secure for our people. And I'll get it through Congress. Let's do it. If we're successful in this fight, and if we show up ready to win this battle—come on; make that a reality. We're first in line, and he's not going to be here for eight years. If he is, we got him—we got him fast. Now, if he doesn't come here within five minutes, I expect—I love fair and reasonable trade deals. And we need workers. We need workers at all levels of our government. Now, the best way we've—we've always wanted to do that is by creating a merit based system. If you're not going to be filling out for the government, then you can't be building for the government. And you can't be building for the government. So we want to do that and we want to do that quickly. And we'll get it done fast enough. But we can get it done quickly enough. The big race right now, I think, is between Ted Cruz and Mike Lee. Where the hell did that
