======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 nothing we can do about that. Because we have the biggest military in the world. We have the biggest economy in the world. We're going to do pretty great with the people in this room. This can only be done by a nationstate. The United States of America is governed by an international team of powerful men, led by the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, just appointed to lead this great great nation. We have incredible things happening today. Some of which I think are incredible. We have Brexit, which was a very big deal. We have all of the records, all of the media outlets, that treated us badly on the Brexit front. We're going to be voting for me at the general election, and I hope I beat her by close to a factor of four. You know, she wasn't permitted in. The barrier was raised. I just want to thank the Prime Minister, even though she is the worst person I know. The barrier was raised. I just want to thank her for her very constructive role in the discussions. The two gentlemen that I got for lunch at the White House last night were immensely helpful. They both agreed that it was a very, very bad deal. They said be: ( 1 sorry; be: ( 1 not happy. The Q and A was almost completely shuttered until Wednesday, when I got a call from President Trump. There were so many words spoken to me, so many concepts that were so easily thrown at each other, and I think that's very unfair. But they came together. That's very, very helpful. And I want to thank Vice President Pence, as well, and all of the people in the room. It's so helpful. It's great to be here, to be in this position. So, it's a big group of people. We were cut off because we're from the south, we're from Louisiana, and we had—we had to get rid of that. And because we're from the southern border, we're from the southern border—that was very helpful. The massive, massive rebuilding of our military in Afghanistan started the process of putting the United States on an even footing. That was very helpful. And, again, I want to thank the President, who spoke directly to me—very directly to me—on the phone—very directly. And he said, “I'd love to hear from you.” And I did. I really did. Tell me, Bob. Tell me, how are you doing?—breathtakingly. I got across monotonous—I'll listen to you, but I have this giant screen on my wall that displays everything so you can hear everything. And every single thing that we're threatened by, because we have the worst military in the history of the United States. It's a total surrender. It's a total surrender. We're fighting on that front, and I want to thank the leaders of our two great nations. I want to thank the entire world. The whole world, I said to the leaders of our two great countries, this is the beginning of the end for our people and our hemisphere. So we're going to get out there, we're going to get out there—we're going to get out there, and that's make America great again. Yes. That's beautiful. Thank you. And I'd love you to get out there and make America great again. I think you'll do that. Thank you. I think that. And then we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens. But I hope we'll make America great again. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you Thank you very much. That was great. Thank you, Lee. Thank you, Lee. I looked at the wall, and I said, “Make America Great Again.” ( Laughter. ) I said, “Make America Great Again.” People are really hurting because we're giving away our beautiful airports, our great colleges and our great jobs. And it turns out there's very, very good chance we'll be great again. be: ( 1 honored to report that General Kelly has been reassigned from his post as General in Afghanistan. As you know, we assisted Afghanistan in the past, and we're now leading a new strategy to defeat ISIS. And we're proud to report that General has been a strong advocate for our strategy, and for our strategy being be: ( 1 led by General Ash Carter, now at State. We've been leading a different strategy, and it's sort of a different story because I want to make sure we have a strategy, and I also want to make sure our military has the capabilities that our military needs. And this is a tough sell. This is a very tough sell. Is it really a different story, if you look at some of the ancient monuments, holy sites, or shrines that we visit and look at all of the different things that we do that are very sacred to
