======== SAMPLE 1 ========
they could've gotten our money back, too.' You didn't get your money back because you had a big tax cut and you and your family and your friend, you didn't get what you needed. That's not fair. You got to get it. Because what's happening, in many ways, is the opposite of what we're doing. Nobody wants to see us bring tax cuts back to the American people. That's not right. That's unfair. Those people won't bring it back. They had tremendous tax cuts, but now that they're back, be: ( 1 going to let them bring it back. The people voted for the tax cuts, because the plan that we have now, my understanding, for the first time ever, is very, very, substantially lower than what they had under the previous administration. They called it a 'Buffett rule.' The fact is, the biggest myth, the biggest fake news, is that we have tax cuts. I want to renegotiate the China deal, and I want to end the drug war. They used the word 'drug war.' I don't want it. We're going to let them use our drugs. And they use our drugs. They used the word 'war on drugs. I told them we're going to let them use your drugs. ( Laughter. ) They used the word 'war on drugs. This is the war on drugs. The word 'war.' What is going on, however, is not acceptable, as promised, and that includes you. You have to figure it out. You have to figure it out. It's called, “Tax Reform.” We don't have any tax cuts for the wealthy. Okay? You can't tax the wealthy. We have no tax cuts for the rich. You can't do it. The Democrats have been lying like crazy for months, with no real results. You know, people say, “There's nobody left in this whole tax cut circus, folks.” I say, “Are we going to do it?” ( Laughter. ) I said, “No, let's do it. Let's go to Mexico.” They said, “Do we have to cut the business rate, or does the business rate have to be cut?” Well, it's so unfair. The business rate has to be cut. If it's “30 percent”, I don't love this deal. This deal is perfect. This company is going to India, and if I make $ 50 billion, $ 75 billion next year, and I do the same thing, you'll change your mind. “This is what I got.” Nobody wants to hear that. I say, can you explain what “the business tax cut bill is?” You have to remember, “Tax cut and reform.” And that will be the biggest, by far, tax cut, by far, reform, actually. And remember this, folks. It's called “Tax Reform.” It's a very beautiful tax reform. It sounds beautiful, but what it's really doing, it might not work. You can't do it. We have an immense tax cut. It's called, Tax Cut and Reform. The individual mandate, which is actually the biggest tax cut, tax increase, and tax cut, and reform. You know, everybody in this hall, they didn't even know about it at the beginning. They just said, “Oh, we need it. We're going to pass tax reform, okay?” The individual mandate, you know, it's one of the biggest tax increases and tax cuts, tax cuts. And remember this, folks, it was never, ever, ever, ever, ever supposed to go through the last four, five, six, seven, eight years. We have tax reform because it's going to do one thing that nobody thought of coming to our country, and that's, and that's, and so many other things. That's—you know, we are in this together. It's very exciting. I hope we never had a problem with each other. It's, it's very exciting to be back here with you as a very special friend. And then what you say happened. But it didn't happen. We may never have a problem with each other, we may never be in a lot of trouble. I hope that we never have a problem, folks. We hope that we'll never have a problem. And we'll both be very much honored to speak at this very special gathering, and I hope that we will. And we can talk about tax reform, very quickly. Not soon, folks. We have a very beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful tax reform. I want to thank Chairman Ryan, Speaker Ryan, Ranking Member Cook, Senator Graham, Senator Kelly, all of our incredible people, for coming over, and for being here today. Thank you.
