======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Thank a lot of people came up to me this morning and said, “You know, I've done something very special.” I said, “Oh, really?” There's nothing so special. But when you look at all of the money that's been put toward education and training tremendous people, that's really reflected badly in our country, frankly. “Our nation is the envy of the world, and the scourge of our society.” And the truth is, there's no question about it. Our economy is the strongest in the world. Imports are also the strongest. It's all part of the job, right, Joe? “You mean, we take in billions and billions of dollars in remittances a year, and we got remitted billions of dollars?” Very well, understood; that was my understanding, and we got remittances from every country in the world. The exact opposite is the case with our country. We're probably the only country in the world that doesn't have massive, oftentimes billion-dollar borders, or we're probably the only one that hasn't, because of our country's wealth of trade, which has never been done before. It's a whole other story, that's other story. But we're building a much better wall, and we have—we were able to cancel some of the previous trade suspensions because of NAFTA, which was a very bad trade deal, with many countries that, when we had NAFTA, we didn't like it. And now, in the past, we had deal kicks, and we had platform.org that says “Open Borders.” I don't know if you can say that, but we're opening our borders wider, we have a lot of places where we had steel, many industries that have wanted to come here for a long time. We have a lot of places in Mexico that we didn't know existed. We have a lot of places atrocities. We had a lot of people saying thank you for NAFTA, but we have a lot of places that we didn't know existed. And we'd use old NAFTA countries as an example; Japan, for example, we have two former Presidents of that country –— Prime Minister Abe and President Xi –— who were both in the last election. And we had a great run, and we had a lot of people saying congrats, because the United States has opened new chapters in Japan. We have a lot of cheap, finished goods, including the car industry, which have been badly damaged recently, and electronics, which has been so badly damaged. And we will be opening new chapters in the United States, too. So, that goes for all of it. But I think every country should be on their path. And we're going to have a great deal, if not the entire world should be watching. Even our leading authorities in China –— have said –— they're cheating. They're cheating. I don't know if they understand it, but they're. I think they do. But I think it's quite a big deal. And I think everyone in this room understands that. There are many, many things that we're cheating, and we deserve all the credit for that. But I think we're fairly looking at a very big deal. And I expect the world to see that conclusion very soon. And we can talk about renegotiating our trade deal. We can talk about all of the other things that we've done that's better than what we did, in many cases, in the thousands of dollars. And you know what? The people that say we built the plant for China –— stole it from them –‐ are right. They should be outraged. The – “We're stealing from them.” I think they're shocked that someone said, “We stole it from them.” That's just nonsense. The – that was a fake plant. That was a fake plant. And we cleaned it up. Nobody ever told us – – and we never got – – we never got any compensation. We were never reimbursed. We were never reimbursed – – again, after we built the plant for China –– twice. And we didn't – – we didn't get any – – from – – the companies – – said, “No, we've got to change the terms.” Oh, really? So I look at that, and you might say, “It's two and a half years, and we're off. We're – – on the right.” What are we going to do with this country? We're building a safer country; a nation that is prosperous, that has a safe economy, and is committed to bringing the tremendous sum of our prosperity into the 21st century. The country that sent Barack Obama to jail for a month in a cell –– and gets a new chance tonight when we look at African American and Hispanic American unemployment scores – – now at
