======== SAMPLE 1 ========
't speak for all of us here, but the fact is, we are united in our fight for justice. Justice for the boy Scouts. Justice for the families, brothers and sisters who lost loved ones to Scouts who mistreated them. Honoring Jamborees and Dads is easy. Just think of the energy and passion that parks, beaches and other natural habitats can bring. And just think of the people hanging in these corridors watching us go by. We are the nationfalling star. I am speaking tonight to a large crowd gathered for the first time in this country since the birth of our Nation. The nation is our best cheerleader, our biggest gift, and the single biggest achievement. As a young woman, I was sexually assaulted on the job. I have told everyone in this room that I lie about having ever been on the job. I have said many times that I was a stripper from the age of eight. As a young girl, I went to Hollywood to be educated. I got good grades, did well schools, and was a great student. But as a boy, I could not have been what I knew. As a man, I came to the conclusion that what is most important to a man and a mother is his own family. And that is his family. Slavery wasn't worth it. The conquerors wanted control of Africa and the Middle East. Their people were used to being oppressed and exploited. Like many nations here today, we live under a regime that depresses wages and forces women and girls into prostitution. Tens of thousands of our citizens work in the sex trade, and many return home as teenage girls. Most of the migrants work for the border agents or ICE agents. They earn obscenely from sex work. I recently met a great law enforcement guy from Texas named John . . . well, John. I thought he was crazy. I said, “George, what a lousy guy.” He walked me through the steps of his local police station. There are 13 cameras in all. You have one. How bad has it been? He explained that it takes him like a week to get a call from his police precinct. It's much easier. I one-upped him in so many ways. ( Laughter. ) He explained that ICE agents work night and day and he works on the street corner, and he's getting ready to go to the gym. He works all week, almost all week. He gets tired of the work, and he likes to get tough on the vipers. I am the toughest on them. I got the toughest ever. “Where are you getting your numbers?” “What do you mean you don't know?” “Nope. We don't know anything.” I said, “Where are you getting your numbers?” “$ ” Donald Trump, $? ( Laughter. ) He said, “Where are you getting your numbers?” “$ 8 billion. You don't know what you're getting into, but we the people know far more than you people.” I said, “Where are you getting your numbers?” “$ 8 billion.” “What do you mean by that? You mean you have no numbers?” “Donald, we have the most.” Well, we don't have any numbers. But we have one—I have to tell you, John, when I was young, I never heard of Donald Trump. I hear he never spoke English. I hear he never ran a show. I hear he never set foot in a country house. I have never heard him speak a word. I have heard him speak a great deal. But I have seen him, and I have seen the people that are around him. Most people that I know don't know—people that are only ever here for a short period of time, for a short period of time—they've only ever been here for a short period of time. They've only ever been here for a short period of time. And they would do anything to get a job. Anybody that's ever walked on the banks of a river, or heard the news on a phone—anybody that has ever been hit by a train, or been hit by a train—they all say the same thing. They say it out loud. It's the truth. Everybody that has ever been killed by a train—anybody ever killed by a train—just said it out loud. Because if they can't get to a certain area, they can't get anywhere. They say the same thing—and I see—and I see proof the way they did. The way they did it. They didn't set out to get rich quick. They didn't set out to get rich quick. They didn't set out to get rich quick. But they did a song and they didn't set out to bein' quick. They did a song
