======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 always be, if not our very existence, at least some kind of very existence. The word “existential” is almost never used properly. One of the greatest challenges we face as a country is an opportunity to develop our economy. We do not have that opportunity. We do not have a strong economy built around strong strong—you guessed it—that is, a strong country. We need a strong economy to grow and to support a very, very, very long life. So I like to think that we were among the first States to produce a national incomeparity plan, a plan that would allow every American the level of protection they deserve under the law. It was a natural extension of the President's policy of patriotism, which has always been the greatest guarantee that we have of our citizens. And in doing so, we rediscovered the patriotic roots of our country. Because we are, and are proud, we know that our nation is also capable of producing proud and independent nations. When the proud look to take pride in their homeland, we are also inviting the independent to take pride in their destiny. In developing our economy, we have the best interests of all in our goal of power, wealth, and wealth and independence. But we can not succeed if we do not protect our sovereignty. Like all nations, our interests must be protected. Our sovereignty is our obligation. Our independence is the sum of our money. And our interests must be protected. Our success depends on the swift and the safe resolution to the terrible crisis we are facing. We must keep our promises to the American people. It is time to send the message to the world that America will always defend our people, our interests, and our liberties. We must never allow rogue regimes in Iran, to become pawns of evil Iran and the world will never believe they are not working. America will always defend our citizens and their rights. Above all else, we will never allow nuclear Iran to threaten the world with nuclear disaster. We support the successful construction of a humanitarian corridor to cut Syria's terrible cancer effects by one third. We are also fully committed to efforts to remove famine-stricken South Sudan from the face of the Earth, and wipe it out by starving South Sudan to die. Abright of America's interests, America will always defend America's friends. America will always fight against those who do not wish to defend America, and American prosperity will always come first. This is the true vision of the American family, and this is the foundation on which we build our very glorious future. With this strategy, we are calling for a great re-emergence of democracy and freedom in South Sudan. We are returning democracy to the nation's people, and liberating the country's people from the grip of communism. We do not know whether we will like it, or not. We do not know what to do with this. This is a nation that has been tormented and defeated. Is it too weak to defend itself? Is it too independent to fight against its own depraved ideology? We need all of this, we can do this all ourselves. Tonight, I am asking all of us to each other believe in one thing: we believe in freedom, and we believe in unlimited potential. We believe in unlimited potential. Great nations are rare exceptions to rule, and so be it. The United States will welcome new students and entrepreneurs, lift American workers home, and do more to lift the world apart. We are also very happy to be joined by some very good friends of ours, including: Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, the Lebanon-Khoras region, the Oman- Saudi Arabia-Syria-and all over Africa. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And we know that, over the long term, the countries which are most invested in the world's leading railway network are the United States, that we'll do a fantastic job. But the longer we don't do that, the more trouble we're going to have, because we're going to have the longest network in the history of the United States. Got to do, ought to do. ( Laughter. ) We're doing a great job. I wouldn't say 100 percent, but it's a proud fact. We've done a lot over the last 2 years. We've lifted 100 million people from poverty, or over 100 million from poverty in every year in the last 2,000 years. And that's a proud record. And with your help, we're lifting that far, and we'll lift even further than we've lifted anything in 2,500 years. Okay? And I'll ask the people of South Sudan, where we left off, where you've lifted the greatest number of people. Where you left off, where you were. You were one of the greats. You're one of the people that people forget. They come back to you today and they're like, “Wow, wow.” You were one of the great
