======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to our shores. But we take great pains to say that we will never enforce an immigration law that is just, we will never make ICE any less dangerous and dangerous. And when it comes to the border, we have zero tolerance for detainers. It just doesn't work. You know, it's called Go. ICE will always use force, every day, even when there's little or no warning. But we use our power all the time. If there's a gunfight, we just use our military. You know what happens? The people get together, they get together and they're great—they love us. They love us. You know what happens? The Democrats have been doing this for 20 years. They had the media sit through 45 minutes of horrible, horrible, horrible, they could have—they could have just went to another 30. So the media would have jumped, and we'd have had a lot of trouble. But they would have probably stormed in, and we'd have had a lot of problems. But they used the military. They used the military. You know what happened? The Democrats lost their cool, and they're now seeking redemption, trying to sort of take power from this grieving people. They want vote, and they're trying to sort of take power away from some of the folks that are trying to get rid of it. Which is a sad thing. You get two representatives, and they have none. They have none of them. They want to take back the House, they want to take the Senate. They're dividing. They want to take the Presidency. And they're trying to sort of take the Presidency away from them, because they don't want to be associated with these Republicans. Because, frankly, that would be such a big deal. They want to take away the Presidency. So we have the picket lines, you know what happens? The picket lines get longer and longer. And nobody wants to go in and be picked off balance, you know why? Because we picket lines. You go to an NRA meeting, and all of a sudden you'd be killed because a police officer walked in, and he picked us off balance. He said, “I don't want to picket lines.” I said, “What's going on?” He said, “I don't want to be picked off balance.” He said, “I just don't want to be picked off balance.” He said, “I don't want to be picket lines.” Huh? Don't you have something, Joe. Don't you have something. Don't you have—You know what—we had one time we had police officers walking in with guns drawn. You wouldn't believe the way they walked in, right? And we were having problems with our law enforcement. We had one man walked in with a gun drawn. He walked in like that, and we had no problem with it. But that's not acceptable. That's not acceptable. That's not what the NRA is for. They want to take away our Second Amendment. They want to take away our Second Amendment. Well, you learn that hard enough. You learn that. And they try to tie the NRA to this event, so to speak. They want to tie it to this shooting. And the massacre in Newtown, Connecticut, you know, was a horrible—very horrible—just a horrible horrible sight to see a young man walk in with a gun. You could see blood and you could hear screaming. You could hear someone screaming, and then you could also hear people running for cover. I'll let you know the location. You can listen to the whole conversation—you can listen to the entire conversation here. And the way they tie it all together—tweaking it up a little bit, it's a little bit like this—it's a little complicated. It is. That's what they do. But it is, and you hear screaming, and then you hear people running for cover. And then you hear people running for cover as well. And then you hear people running for cover as well. And then you see a young man walk by with a gun. You could hear screaming and you could hear people running for cover. So it's a little bit complicated. And it is on tape. And this is—we have new rules. We have new rules on gun shows. You should be able to walk in and you can't walk in. Okay, what's going on? This is new. This is new. This has never happened before. So all of a sudden—these people are crazy, they're crazy, they must be the craziest people I've ever seen. I just saw crazy people walking around in all black, all black, all black, they had guns pointed at them. But these people—I don't know if anybody can believe it, but these are the craziest people I've ever seen. Okay? ( L
