======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is important for our national security, and that includes stopping radical Islamic terrorism. Throughout our history, we have sought partnerships among law enforcement, coalition partners, and the diverse parts of the world. But these partnerships have produced fractured communities, unstable alliances, and uneven access to border crossings. America is a compassionate nation and, together, we can understand and negotiate common ground on the world's toughest immigration problem. The United States is compassionate, but it does more than asylum. It is construction. We help people build homes and move carpets and woodbags and make office supplies and buy arms and naval ships. We rescue missing children from poverty zones all over the world. We rescue illegal aliens from violence, addiction, and fear. We beat the gangs and the crime with steel and steel needles and steel rods. We lock arms and use chain link fences and state-of-the art equipment to keep out drug dealers and traffickers. We save lives by preventing violence, crime, and poverty; restoring integrity to our borders; and helping people who need protection find jobs and reach their full potential. In talking about the urgent need for immigration reform, I think it's time we are not only focusing on the immediate crisis, but is also talking about the problem over a longer period of time. We can't lose sight of the stark reality that, because of our politics, we can't prevent the entry of criminals, the terrorists, and the sad ones. We can't just let people in, we have to get them where. We must support the most dangerous criminals, and to get them where they need to be dangerous. Let's make our streets safer for everyone. We can't let mass migration, mass murder, and mass murder on our southern border come into our country. For the crime and murder that is on our southern border, it's very, very sad. Every family of four on our southern border is a criminal, every parent a danger to themselves or their children, and a threat to the safety of our country and our border cities. The murder rate on our southern border is the highest in the history of the United States. And they're not going to get better. We're going to get far, and we're going to get nasty. First things first. They're going to get worse. And we're going to get nasty. Then they're going to get even worse. They start getting here within two weeks. We can't wait. This is a very big deal. We're going to get approved dozens of times, and we're going to have tens of thousands of people coming into our country. We appreciate your concern. This is not a shortsighted process. This is a big thing for our country, and we're going to have a bigger impact on our country in the future. Because we want every immigrant living here to be safe, to have access to education, to have access to healthcare. If you're going to make a deal, make a deal. This is not a joke, these are serious people. This is a major topic of discussion at the United Nations. And I have to tell you, the faces that are going to be playing in the background right now, these are serious people. They're going to say something, and I hope I don't get let into the building that we're going to have a lot of swearing, a lot of swearing, and some very obnoxious screaming. I don't want to get into that department, folks. This is a very, very big thing. We're going to get it done. And I hope we're going to be very successful. And I hope we're going to be successful in the fight against this terrible menace. And I hope we're going to be very successful. Thank you, Mr. President. I want to begin by expressing our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers for the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. Tuesday was a really big celebration for our state, for our country, and for the other nations that comment on national disasters. And it was a tremendous crowd. It was very, very very important. And I want to thank the President, because he's been helping us with this for years and years and years. And I said, “Let us investigate.” And he said, “Let us investigate.” It's called Frankingly, and it's an incredible group of people. They've been counselors, they've counselors done by people that are, sort of, of their own people. They've been, we've got a lot of young people that have been connecting on a very simple physical level with the law. And that's why it's so important. Because they're not trained to act in a violent or menacing manner. And be: ( 1 telling you, these United States attorneys, these United States attorneys are trained to act. They read the Constitution and the ancient laws very clearly. And they know how to kill. They're taught very, very well. But they're not supposed to be violent. And I really believe that.
