======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of Government is also the responsibility of Congress and the President. The President is responsible for coinage and currency. Congress is the agent of coinage. If Congress does not act within its authority, the dollar is not in the business of value. Therefore, there is no appropriate method of controlling inflation. Our interest rates are the setting of a fixed interest rate. When you cancel your federal or state or local taxes before you've paid your due taxes, you're forcing the Government to accrue interest on those taxes. Right now, however, we have the highest interest rates in 21 years. Inflation, in other words, must be controlled. And that means we must reduce the amount of spending we want to accomplish and get spending levels that keep pace with inflation. That's not reform, that's conspiracy. They've said liberal taxation increases the purchasing power of spending, so why can't they do it? Well, they've proposed 13 tax increases that we can take together. Now, they also say we can only tax inflation one at a time, and what if we had all the measures at once in a single bill which would then be sent to the President for signature. I think that's what they've been doing, as we looked at what was needed. The President has given us an outline. When we passed the federal budget reconciliation amendment by the House last Friday, I submitted it to the Senate for a vote. The President asked if we could sit down and see what we could come up with. And I had a little walkdown with Jim Wieghart about 20 seconds ago, where I suggested you could see what we could see into the future. What we didn't have was something that represented the interests of the American people, the best interests of our roots in these communities where we came from. We could have gone into more detail about how the budget would affect those roots, but in so doing, we lost sight of what is best for the American people. We found out what their feelings were on that. What their concerns were. What their concerns dictated about how the government should run these communities. What they wanted to know about our hopes for them as they moved south. And so, what they've asked for has been fulfilled. And I can say with confidence that we fulfilled what we set out to do. Nancy and I will be forever grateful to the American people for helping us meet that challenge, and for letting us share in their hopes. [ Laughter ] And then, after those remarks, Mr. Wieghart and I walked out of the building, with a mutual salute, and waved to the assembled world. The words of Thomas Paine were spoken 4 years ago this month in what is now Pakistan, a city still very much in the hands of the Pashtun minority. Their address was a call to reclaim their lost rights and end the cycle of oppression created in our name. Now, many of you may be thinking: “Ah, well, then, we too could do something.” Well, I certainly am. I don't know what we'll do, and I don't think we'll do it by conspiracy; conspiratorial thinking would do us no good if we did nothing. But, if we do something, I think we'll find that we started out with the people, not the government, and we ended up with a better society. Q. Mr. President, be: ( 1 sorry to have to interrupt you, but I want to thank you for the chance to answer my own question. Q. Mr. President, we're going to have to continue talking until tomorrow. If not, I can't be there. What time are you going to Ottawa to meet with Prime Minister Stephen Harper? The Prime Minister. The Prime Minister answers your questions. He doesn't want to answer questions now. The President. The President answers your questions. He doesn't want to answer now. Q. Mr. President, will there be follow-up questions during the break? The President. Yes, I'll have plenty of time to answer the questions. It'll be up to me. Q. Mr. Mondale, will there be followup questions during the break? The President. You will be scheduled for that hour in New York. Q. Mr. President, will there be followup questions during the break? The President. No, I'll be gone about 10 minutes before midnight Eastern Time. Q. Mr. Mondale, the interest you have in the future of southern Africa, their future in that country, what are your thoughts on the matter? The President. Well, the interest that I have with respect to has nothing to do with the future of southern Africa, because that question was raised by one Congressman who was going around the country holding a sign that read, “You are the people's representative.” And so, I think that our national interest is more in the future of southern Africa than in southern Africa itself. Q. Mr. President, as you can see, the lights went
