======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 programs, in the education of our children. Now, the Soviets have also tried to manipulate the Soviets curriculum in some degree, through propaganda. We know these attempts have been successful. One clear example is the curriculum vitae posted on the Soviet Bloc TV station. We know that the television programs are supplemented, in English, by radio programs supposedly more rigorous than the television programs. And another example is the curriculum vitae on the television made available through the Soviet Union to citizens of our institutions. We also know that the educational system in the Soviet Union subsidizes radio programs supposedly more popular among our kind. And these programs are, in turn, made available to the citizenry of the Soviet Union in many countries through the Soviet-language broadcaster, repeat television, often in duplicate. Finally, and perhaps the most telling example of the Soviet propaganda machinenown to the American public, there is the newscast, our monthly program, which I will call “Our Day Lab.” A day lab, as it's been known, is a major part of the KGB's strategy for controlling and suppressing political demonstrations, revolutions, and allocative events. When these demonstrations were first being held in the early 1960 's, the anticallactic actions of the Soviet-sponsored Gromyko-Bonduraro boycott were widely reported. No one could have expected the surprise attack on the Americans on the lab of freedom when, just a few months earlier, the demonstrations had been crushed and some of the arrested Libyans. In spite of these events, however, there has been no sign of the propaganda machine spreading through the demonstrations. The American people are very much in the position to make the changes necessary to restore confidence in the democratic process. Our government's commitment to the democratic process has had some critical effects. The early days of our administration were characterized by sluggishness and little chance for reauthorization. The spirit of the bipartisan tax reform bill, which came out of the Capitol a week ago, was signed by a small but vocal minority of conservatives, some of whom had been supporting our bill for years. There were few chances for prompt and meaningful reduction of tax rates, and the bill led to a 22-percent reduction in the tax rates by the end of October. As a result, there were actually some reduction in the tax rates in the first two months of January, than they had been anticipated. At the same time, there has been a reduction in the number of individuals getting taxes reduced, in the number of individuals getting taxes increased over the preceding 3 months, and in the number of individuals getting increased taxes. There were also no tax increases in the first 3 months of 1986, only minor prorogations in the number of taxes or slight prorogations in the number of individuals getting increased taxes. There was movement with the numbers, with the beginning of summer in the upsurge in the housing shortage, and the movement was most marked in the increased taxes and some executive actions taken during the week and in the month of May by the House and Senate tax bills. In the first 3 months of this year, there were 9,749 the tax bill led by the White House, 8,050 in the Senate bill, and 5,600 in the House bill. By the end of the first week of May, the fight against tax increases had been broken and the bills had been passed. Now it was time to get the work done. It was time to get the legislative head start. It was time for the restart of the legislative process. It was time for people to show cause for their claims for tax breaks by returning taxes within the amount of the tax cuts themselves. It was time for the bipartisan tax bill that would have stopped the drumbeat of tax increases that had gathered such a strong base in the Republican Party, to become a kind of standard by which all Americans were told when their tax dollars had been wasting. And it was time for them to show cause for their claims for tax cuts. There was a time when the American people had been praying that something would come together on the deficit, but when nothing has happened, those prayers have come full circle. October through December was a good time to get a handle on the general feeling of the government in a very big way. And look how far we've come since the end of the fiscal year's in which we ran out of money to begin the long, slow process of determining whether we wanted a balanced budget. That said, there were a great many suggestions from those who were on the fence about whether we should pursue that kind of a goal. There were a host of other things that have happened in the few months since our last report. There was the panic index which, for the first time, came to 23 for 5, and has now been back down to 8. Even though we've got a plan in place to see if we can have some sort of a reduction in the deficit, I think that again, shows that the sense of that budget was also from the outside; there was the sense
