======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, that if we're going to build an American empire we have to find, first, those who are going to govern our way of life, and foremost, to empower and encourage them. I would emphasize that we are not rebuilding an America of adjuncts to an America. We need to transform that into an American empire at the center of the world. We need to expand that and build on that. As members of the Commission on European Continued Growth and as regular participants in the United Nations Security Council, I want to thank Mr. Mondale, Mr. Carter, Mr. President, and the Member States for their warm hospitality. I hope you will join me on that platform, and I ask that you join me in saying that you yourselves join me in a dream that may come to be known as the “Dream come true” dream. And no dream can replace the responsibility and the responsibility for international peace and security with which we can achieve the dreams of our children. The time has come for a new challenge. In this century our children are the engines of progress for all mankind. We can seize the opportunities which come with the progress of science and technology. We can prepare for a more secure world with fewer threats and safer environments. We can do more to broaden the horizons of human knowledge and to bridge racial and ethnic divides. And as we nurture the talent of our young people, we can take greater pride in their accomplishments. But we must remember a simple truth. The best education is the first aid that brings men and women of different racial and ethnic origin closer together. These are not differences of origin or of originkeeping their places; they are differences of cultures, traditions, beliefs, and beliefs. And these differences are the foundation for a stronger, more secure world. It's time to reinforce among all the children of the world the concept that America is a people of ideas, that every citizen of this great nation should have a voice in the decision-making process of making laws and institutions for his or her own convenience. I am pleased to report that the time is now right to move forward on two other areas of concern. Ten years ago I told you of two other American inventions. Last year in Detroit I told you about the three-dimensional television that we're watching today, and I hope you'll believe me when I say that I've been a fan of television for many years. Once upon a time I watched a commercial for free.com that mentioned my company. It was the first television commercial, a great commercial commercial in America's history, that showed a scientist making a machine from metals, one can only imagine the amount at the time it was made. At the end of the ad he appeared to say he had made a machine with his hands free and the lines appearing on the screen as he made it. Well, he was making it from a copper wire. Well it must be the wires coming off of a telephone, or it wouldn't make sense to use that wire for making things. We're going to expand the possibilities of our knowledge of the universe by enabling our children to get a basic knowledge of the basic laws of physics that govern the structure and conductivity of matter and elements in the universe. And then I told Mr. Mondale that we would provide the education and tools for the creative endeavor so that America's children will have the opportunity to enter the workforce of genius that has not yet been achieved. That's why, today, I say to you, whether you're young as I am or old as I remember, I know from personal experience that when you get to know me well, well, you get very carried away. The best teachers have to work with all the young people around the world. And that's why, as I mentioned, I saw that the great American entrepreneur and entrepreneur, Ronald Reagan, in those days and as we still do today, saw that government could not substitute for teachers. He saw that government could not replace, or try to duplicate, the talents of real people who thought and did things that people thought they knew but didn't perform. You have to understand the basics of a job. The simple but essential task of government is to make our society secure, to keep it orderly, to take care of the family, to provide for our physical needs. In that way, as we increase our standards of living and strengthen our economy, we'll help maintain peace throughout the world. You see, that's why I said over the past several years, including in my State of the Union address last week, that we are having a conversation not just about the challenges we face but also about where we want to go and how we can improve the quality of life for all our people. Not only will we be helping to make the world a better place by improving the order in which we live, but we're also having an impact by reaching out, by listening, of course, and by letting others know that in this year and a half we will be listening, too. I have thought about this a long time. When
