======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 ways have remained largely the same, we still live on a planet that is too big and too rich for us. We live on land, without a sea to support us. We're a small minority in the great struggle for human freedom, but our cause has given courage to a people who share it. Freedom, justice, peace - we're a people who have faith; we're a nation who believed. So, too, the economic recovery that has begun is a step in the right direction. We've had to do with handouts a-plenty. A great many of our farmers have recovered from the worst of the Great Recession. We have started the wheels of industry back on again. And it's only a start. I think Mr. Mondale has the courage to do the right thing. And I think it's the President's responsibility not to let that faltering economy deter him from doing the right thing. We're not in a period of economic weakness where we want to be, I think we need to be stronger; we need stronger and more efficient; we need stronger and more responsive to the needs of America's shrinking economy. We need strong institutions to support all the people in our society. I think that in recent times, we've seen some of that when we had much weaker leadership and more rigid, more adversarial regulations. And those of us who are in positions of leadership do that because when our country needs something, we put it in the hands of the people and they're happy to take the risk. So, too, the slow recovery that we had last year was a sign of a stronger economy and a better recovery; and the result was a balanced budget, too. We have less debt, we have a higher effective tax rate, we're able to meet inflation's high interest rates. I don't want to see that in my future. I see a stronger economy and a better rate of spending and more efficient use of savings and loan assets. I think that with an overall recovery, with some more efficient use of personal savings and investment accounts, we can be strong, and with more productive Federal programs in our family budget, which are going to be stronger and more effective this year than they have in all of last year. We need your bipartisan support and our belief in a balanced budget. All our problems are of equal concern to all Americans and that's the way we're going to solve our differences and try to bring our country together as a whole. Mr. Walters. Mr. President, the most recent budget you have seen shows you have a $ 9,000 increase in funding to the federal government. How, if you cut this out, will the budget that is intended for the Federal Government be a better one for America? The President. Well, I think we need a balanced budget. We need to get through the long season of fiscal hardship that we have now. The program that we have is going in the right direction, is making the deficit bigger now than it has ever been in our history, and if you cut it out, the deficits will go up, and in a year's time, we could make for a very, very satisfactory program. I believe that the budget that is in the budget that has been in the budget is going to have a good, balanced effect. I believe in a balanced budget. The problem with the budget that we want to see in the budget is it is a drag on the Federal budget, because you're forcing the Federal budget to do as planned. And be: ( 1 sure some of you are still wondering, but what if the Federal Government had an out, and a drag on it? We want an out, and we're going to get it. It would be an out; it would be a drag. [ Laughter ] [ Laughter ] All right. All right. Mr. Gabbard. I want to give you time for a followup. The President. We can have an extension here in the budget until we're sure that when we do get that extension, that it will be in a line with the law. If that doesn't happen we will have to deal with this later. The problem we have tonight is that the President has said he's going to veto the bill that is on the table; and it won't be, and he has said we need to have the passage of specific things. And he has said we're going to begin dealing with this later. We don't have to start dealing with it now; the bills are going to be signed by the Members of the Congress next week. He knows when the time is right, and the time is coming. There seems to be a sense in the Congress that the time is now to start the appointments process. They are going to be in action tonight. Mr. Mr. Wieghart. Mr. Mondale, be: ( 1 sure it's not your first time to respond to these two. I thought you answered well after your answer tonight, and I thank all of you for having that
