======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 from the Soviet Union, and it seems that our own policies have also been affected. In the area of arms control, some 40 countries signed agreements bringing about the substantial reduction in the number of ballistic missile warheads, beginning October 1981. This was the largest single peace-offer-offer-nuclear-conductor-peace agreement of these agreements. We're now at the intermediate range of that ceiling, and it's possible we may meet it at this summit. But the point I want to tell you tonight is quite different. It is a message of peace and hope, a message with which we can bridge the differences of our ways. And what I am seeking is not simply a proposal for mutual reduction of defense costs, which we know is a barrier to peace, but a proposal for the mutual reduction of our defenses. With regard to arms control, we have agreed to limit any new or additional weapons to those that the United States can assure of being safe and nonignorable and to identify as threats to this peace. This will promote confidence and deterrence, not just for ourselves and for our allies, but for the entire world. I recognize that some will look to our offer as an incentive for arms control progress. And so, we won't be sitting idly by passively while other conflicts come closer and grow closer in scope and veracity. But this is part of the process of diplomatic negotiation, and it won't be finished yet. We're encouraged by the progress made here. Indeed, one of the guiding ideals of this summit is the idea of bringing the world to the negotiating table. This is an historic day for American military freedom and for freedom in the world. This morning, on Capitol Hill, I announced a broad-based effort to enhance the safety of Americans sitting in the White House. Our delegation is of African descent. We will be meeting with leaders of Europe, Asia, and Latin America. We're confident our message will reach those leaders, who, like me, are citizens of those nations. And we hope to hear from them again on the Hill. I am pleased to report that Representative Kenneth Thomas, the distinguished former justice of the United States Supreme Court justice, who rose to such distinguished offices in both parties as to call for a 50-percent personnel cut in the service of justice of the United States, yesterday returned from Europe and returned to the White House. He spoke of the historic importance of the cause of freedom and the responsibilities of government properly conceived and carried out. This fine old gentleman, Democrat and Speaker of the House, did a distinguished job, not only explaining the differences between our two systems, but also explaining the advantages and disadvantages of our two systems, two systems with very different values systems. In one sense, they're different. On the other, he's an optimist. As a Democrat, he saw clearly the benefits and burdensome differences in both systems and took action to make them work of me. So, I think he understands that our systems are inherently liberal, and he understood why. And so, I think that as a leader of an optimist party, he saw clearly the dangers of not taking the government further, and thus, taking an economic growth approach to the problem, and thus, having growth in both the economy and the freer economic environment; both positive and negative. And as a Democrat, I always believed that the prime minister of a liberalized country has one legitimate objective, pursued only by self interest and the best efforts of the people. Well, I think this has changed. A few years ago, John Kennedy made national television a pleasure when he said, “I believe in growth, John.” Well, since then other liberal priorities have gained ground, and this year, with John Kennedy as our leader, we are moving ahead, favoring growth instead of Federal spending in our four years in office. What do you think has changed? Well, for one thing, the economy. Well, for the last 4 years, the growth in the Federal budget, which is paid for by increasing taxes, has been very, very slow. It actually hit a lowest level in 1982. In the last 3 months of each fiscal year, the number of people on welfare increased by 34 percent. The main reason for this was the continued influx of cheap, nonunfamed fuel from abroad, brought on by the wars in Southeast Asia and the natural disasters on our watch. So, we began to see the decline in the budget for food and other essentials, which has been essential for 2 decades. And the decline was most marked in the coastal areas, such as the inner cities, where the increase in dependency was biggest. The decline was strongest in the inner cities where the greatest increase in dependency took place, the prosperous inner cities, the poorest areas of the country where crime and drug use and terrorism thrived. Then in the inner cities, the biggest increase happened in the inner core, the roughly 50 counties in Illinois that are part of the massive metropolitan area within the state of Illinois. That area saw the biggest increase in dependency, the largest
