======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 that would cause serious harm to our national security. It is clear that there was a need for these changes in an effort to reduce the risk that the Soviets would use them against the United States. But, of course, those concerns have not been entirely taken into account. Many, and I've included among them a letter I sent to President Truman last June, urging him to make efforts on the part of the Government to reduce the risk that future attacks would be aimed at our nation. I've been pleased to see that Truman and his staff have made this commitment. And with our allies, with our friends from all parts of Europe, we have strengthened our defenses and made clear to them a strategic commitment to deter future air strikes on the Soviet Union that could also be used against the United States. In Europe, we also recognize the vital role that arms control is played by NATO and its member states. We look forward to having dialogs between NATO and the German Marshall Fund, where they're exploring ways to lessen or reduce their leverage. The important point for the Allies will be to demonstrate that NATO is willing to play an even and equal role in the offensive that would be carried out on our behalf. As for the other countries in Europe, we believe that this would be a mistake if it were not acted on with concrete and verifiable measures to reduce our present security. For example, NATO has recently agreed to review its existing and proposed agreements with the Soviet Union, including our defense of the Baltic States and the transatlantic integration process. Our military and security cooperation, however, remains fragile. We've committed to be as prudent as we can be in preserving our security and our national interests, making sure that the integrity of NATO's defense relations are protected. Indeed, many of the agreements we've made to date do not require any kind of verification by NATO. Our allies, however, have agreed to implement these provisions so that their defenses remain stable. Our goal is not simply to improve defense cooperation; we're in agreement on our own security. My friends, our NATO allies include not only one of the finest military forces in the world and one of the most dynamic economies in the world, but as one of the most dynamic democracies on Earth. So, why should the West be surprised, then, that we have joined forces, with a view to preserving our freedom and standing up to the Soviets who seek to impose their supremacy there? Why should we be surprised that our allies have reached such a consensus on the best, most effective means that we can use to defend our freedom and self security here in the United States and around the world? My fellow Americans: We are not simply asking for a return to war; we ask that we maintain the strength in our determination to pursue a just, peaceful, and peaceful world. In other words, why should we be surprised? Why should we be surprised that the United States and Britain and France and Germany, as allies all over the world, have done it? And yet, we Americans must recognize that our allies have been adversaries for many years, and we must remember that the American people did not invent or invent a new world order, and so a new world order with new possibilities was not the result of some special accident. Rather, we must understand and accept, as we have in all the past, that a new world order, based on an entirely different system of government, is inevitable and must be made possible at the next summit in Paris in 1881, so that the fruits of our common struggle can flow freely to the peoples of the world. We should not be surprised that our fellow citizens have contributed, and we know you have contributed. When we were still young men in France, we were told by a young man that he could make a thousand men look like us or be a thousand-thousandth of the French. They also had this idea, and we, at that time, had no hopes, that we could create a world economy so huge and efficient that the people themselves would be the world's biggest producers of gold, and so forth. But that idea didn't apply here, so we decided to build an economy so big that the people could be the biggest producers of their own national wealth. It means that once we establish our program, there will be no reason why the world can't live in its modernized era, one in which more people, with a greater freedom and a greater chance of success as well, can live more confidently, prospering lives. One last word. My fellow Americans: First of all, I would like to thank our Ambassador at the United Nations, Mr. Henry Duncan, for visiting this morning. I had the pleasure of meeting with General Assembly President Brezhnev in Geneva. He has taken that leadership position. I have also thanked Ambassador Ritchie for his efforts to mobilize our people into the struggle against totalitarianism. A new generation of the youth was awakened in the streets of Moscow on April 2. I believe that this awakening has taken hold, because we are all young and very powerful, and America
