======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 finally, one more line, “Our nation has never been too great. We have loved a challenge, a crusade, and have succeeded in making it work for us.” Well, today we do have a crusade. I think if I saw American Presidents today who took the stand they had on every issue, I think what I'd do. What they would tell us would be like those of us on the other side, but different. We would tell them they're just not very good at telling the truth. They're not very pious. They give us moral victories but they also tell us we have, for the first time in our history, achieved the highest level of civilization among the ancient races on Earth. We would show those men and women by our rediscovery of natural justice, that humanity is a people endowed by the Spirit, that through hard and charitable work, they really are the good graces of God, and that in themselves, as we all, as all people, are essential to the continuance of human progress. Nancy and I are very happy to be back in California where we ably believe in the power of free economic growth. We believe that it will continue and multiply throughout the land and that, through it all, it is our calling as a free people. So, I think what we're doing, sustaining and promoting it, is simply taking a step toward the ultimate in human progress, a call to prayer on the American heart and on the American soul. It's the little call given to us by Mother Earth herself. Isn't it strange that then, if she were alive, she would be speaking in praise of the power of free growth, of opportunity for all humanity, and what she thought would be most wonderful about these bountiful oceans of sunlight on which we can all build. Even more odd, is that here at home, we've begun the long, hard work of controlling inflation and saving for retirement for the elderly. We've begun cracking down on preying on faith and derailing the quest for global domination. And all this is only part of the remarkable story of how we have uncovered more than 110 percent of humanity's economic potential, of the greatest industrial buildup in human history. And now let's turn to our next goal. Will our nation meet its responsibilities as a nation? Will our economy progress or suffer in part because we look to a future of high technology and high culture, a future that embraces science and values the indivisible family of nations? I believe that when we reach for the future, especially toward China and the Orientals, we will find that we were never too far from each other. When Rome fell, new people came into the world. They were savages, the descendants of soldiers who had fallen in the field, but who now lived happy and good lives in civilized nations. They met soldiers and learned a great English word: justice. When the war began, the Soviet Union wiped out more than a million men and machines, by drowning them out by a margin of hundreds of thousands. Today many of those who had to fight are heroes, brave families who can now visit these shores from home. We need your continued support as we approach the end of this century, and we need your help, too. You know, some things are worth while other things are not. So, we must look to the future. In the words of Gladstone, justice(sjustice(sIt's going to be glorious in Moscow if we keep going this pace : ' ' The time is now to offer hope for the future by moving our military expenditures steadily down over a period of time. While there can be no real victory on the horizon, there will be major losses in human capital, in arms, and military technology, and we must do everything in our power to ensure that we do not go back. For once, in history, we must do more. The American people expect our leadership to be persistent and smart and generous. They expect us to remain persistent and generous. They expect us to remain fair and generous. Now, I know just some years ago, before the financial crisis and the bursting of our savings programs, there was a song about the same sound. And the American people said, no, we can not listen to that. We're going to have to make do with what we're not going to lose. The alternative is a bleak one. The alternative is a world of desperate need. We must move now to bring the world together on this fundamental question: Who Are the People to whom this Constitution is Being Used? And if there will be no revolution, there will be endless war. It's time for us to establish when, how, and how much we can lose. If there will be no peace, there will be world revolution. The people will have the opportunity to substitute for a just and lasting peace. That's why the people prefer a peace that will last: ( 1 60 days. Ms. Sawyer. Thank you. And the audience, the assembled people were joined by several million Democrats
